
==================================================
Dataset: narrativeqa
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: What is Saltram's living situation?
Context: Transcribed from the 1915 Martin Secker edition by David Price, email
ccx074@pglaf.org

                          [Picture: Book cover]





                                   THE
                                COXON FUND


                              BY HENRY JAMES

                      [Picture: Decorative graphic]

                                * * * * *

                          LONDON: MARTIN SECKER
                     NUMBER FIVE JOHN STREET ADELPHI

                                * * * * *

                    This edition first published 1915

                       The text follows that of the
                            Definitive Edition

                                * * * * *




I


“THEY’VE got him for life!” I said to myself that evening on my way back
to the station; but later on, alone in the compartment (from Wimbledon to
Waterloo, before the glory of the District Railway) I amended this
declaration in the light of the sense that my friends would probably
after all not enjoy a monopoly of Mr. Saltram.  I won’t pretend to have
taken his vast measure on that first occasion, but I think I had achieved
a glimpse of what the privilege of his acquaintance might mean for many
persons in the way of charges accepted.  He had been a great experience,
and it was this perhaps that had put me into the frame of foreseeing how
we should all, sooner or later, have the honour of dealing with him as a
whole.  Whatever impression I then received of the amount of this total,
I had a full enough vision of the patience of the Mulvilles.  He was to
stay all the winter: Adelaide dropped it in a tone that drew the sting
from the inevitable emphasis.  These excellent people might indeed have
been content to give the circle of hospitality a diameter of six months;
but if they didn’t say he was to stay all summer as well it was only
because this was more than they ventured to hope.  I remember that at
dinner that evening he wore slippers, new and predominantly purple, of
some queer carpet-stuff; but the Mulvilles were still in the stage of
supposing that he might be snatched from them by higher bidders.  At a
later time they grew, poor dears, to fear no snatching; but theirs was a
fidelity which needed no help from competition to make them proud.
Wonderful indeed as, when all was said, you inevitably pronounced Frank
Saltram, it was not to be overlooked that the Kent Mulvilles were in
their way still more extraordinary: as striking an instance as could
easily be encountered of the familiar truth that remarkable men find
remarkable conveniences.

They had sent for me from Wimbledon to come out and dine, and there had
been an implication in Adelaide’s note—judged by her notes alone she
might have been thought silly—that it was a case in which something
momentous was to be determined or done.  I had never known them not be in
a “state” about somebody, and I dare say I tried to be droll on this
point in accepting their invitation.  On finding myself in the presence
of their latest discovery I had not at first felt irreverence droop—and,
thank heaven, I have never been absolutely deprived of that alternative
in Mr. Saltram’s company.  I saw, however—I hasten to declare it—that
compared to this specimen their other phoenixes had been birds of
inconsiderable feather, and I afterwards took credit to myself for not
having even in primal bewilderments made a mistake about the essence of
the man.  He had an incomparable gift; I never was blind to it—it dazzles
me still.  It dazzles me perhaps even more in remembrance than in fact,
for I’m not unaware that for so rare a subject the imagination goes to
some expense, inserting a jewel here and there or giving a twist to a
plume.  How the art of portraiture would rejoice in this figure if the
art of portraiture had only the canvas!  Nature, in truth, had largely
rounded it, and if memory, hovering about it, sometimes holds her breath,
this is because the voice that comes back was really golden.

Though the great man was an inmate and didn’t dress, he kept dinner on
this occasion waiting, and the first words he uttered on coming into the
room were an elated announcement to Mulville that he had found out
something.  Not catching the allusion and gaping doubtless a little at
his face, I privately asked Adelaide what he had found out.  I shall
never forget the look she gave me as she replied: “Everything!”  She
really believed it.  At that moment, at any rate, he had found out that
the mercy of the Mulvilles was infinite.  He had previously of course
discovered, as I had myself for that matter, that their dinners were
soignés.  Let me not indeed, in saying this, neglect to declare that I
shall falsify my counterfeit if I seem to hint that there was in his
nature any ounce of calculation.  He took whatever came, but he never
plotted for it, and no man who was so much of an absorbent can ever have
been so little of a parasite.  He had a system of the universe, but he
had no system of sponging—that was quite hand-to-mouth.  He had fine
gross easy senses, but it was not his good-natured appetite that wrought
confusion.  If he had loved us for our dinners we could have paid with
our dinners, and it would have been a great economy of finer matter.  I
make free in these connexions with the plural possessive because if I was
never able to do what the Mulvilles did, and people with still bigger
houses and simpler charities, I met, first and last, every demand of
reflexion, of emotion—particularly perhaps those of gratitude and of
resentment.  No one, I think, paid the tribute of giving him up so often,
and if it’s rendering honour to borrow wisdom I’ve a right to talk of my
sacrifices.  He yielded lessons as the sea yields fish—I lived for a
while on this diet.  Sometimes it almost appeared to me that his massive
monstrous failure—if failure after all it was—had been designed for my
private recreation.  He fairly pampered my curiosity; but the history of
that experience would take me too far.  This is not the large canvas I
just now spoke of, and I wouldn’t have approached him with my present
hand had it been a question of all the features.  Frank Saltram’s
features, for artistic purposes, are verily the anecdotes that are to be
gathered.  Their name is legion, and this is only one, of which the
interest is that it concerns even more closely several other persons.
Such episodes, as one looks back, are the little dramas that made up the
innumerable facets of the big drama—which is yet to be reported.




II


IT is furthermore remarkable that though the two stories are distinct—my
own, as it were, and this other—they equally began, in a manner, the
first night of my acquaintance with Frank Saltram, the night I came back
from Wimbledon so agitated with a new sense of life that, in London, for
the very thrill of it, I could only walk home.  Walking and swinging my
stick, I overtook, at Buckingham Gate, George Gravener, and George
Gravener’s story may be said to have begun with my making him, as our
paths lay together, come home with me for a talk.  I duly remember, let
me parenthesise, that it was still more that of another person, and also
that several years were to elapse before it was to extend to a second
chapter.  I had much to say to him, none the less, about my visit to the
Mulvilles, whom he more indifferently knew, and I was at any rate so
amusing that for long afterwards he never encountered me without asking
for news of the old man of the sea.  I hadn’t said Mr. Saltram was old,
and it was to be seen that he was of an age to outweather George
Gravener.  I had at that time a lodging in Ebury Street, and Gravener was
staying at his brother’s empty house in Eaton Square.  At Cambridge, five
years before, even in our devastating set, his intellectual power had
seemed to me almost awful.  Some one had once asked me privately, with
blanched cheeks, what it was then that after all such a mind as that left
standing.  “It leaves itself!” I could recollect devoutly replying.  I
could smile at present for this remembrance, since before we got to Ebury
Street I was struck with the fact that, save in the sense of being well
set up on his legs, George Gravener had actually ceased to tower.  The
universe he laid low had somehow bloomed again—the usual eminences were
visible.  I wondered whether he had lost his humour, or only, dreadful
thought, had never had any—not even when I had fancied him most
Aristophanesque.  What was the need of appealing to laughter, however, I
could enviously enquire, where you might appeal so confidently to
measurement?  Mr. Saltram’s queer figure, his thick nose and hanging lip,
were fresh to me: in the light of my old friend’s fine cold symmetry they
presented mere success in amusing as the refuge of conscious ugliness.
Already, at hungry twenty-six, Gravener looked as blank and parliamentary
as if he were fifty and popular.  In my scrap of a residence—he had a
worldling’s eye for its futile conveniences, but never a comrade’s joke—I
sounded Frank Saltram in his ears; a circumstance I mention in order to
note that even then I was surprised at his impatience of my enlivenment.
As he had never before heard of the personage it took indeed the form of
impatience of the preposterous Mulvilles, his relation to whom, like
mine, had had its origin in an early, a childish intimacy with the young
Adelaide, the fruit of multiplied ties in the previous generation.  When
she married Kent Mulville, who was older than Gravener and I and much
more amiable, I gained a friend, but Gravener practically lost one.  We
reacted in different ways from the form taken by what he called their
deplorable social action—the form (the term was also his) of nasty
second-rate gush.  I may have held in my ‘for intérieur’ that the good
people at Wimbledon were beautiful fools, but when he sniffed at them I
couldn’t help taking the opposite line, for I already felt that even
should we happen to agree it would always be for reasons that differed.
It came home to me that he was admirably British as, without so much as a
sociable sneer at my bookbinder, he turned away from the serried rows of
my little French library.

“Of course I’ve never seen the fellow, but it’s clear enough he’s a
humbug.”

“Clear ‘enough’ is just what it isn’t,” I replied; “if it only were!”
That ejaculation on my part must have been the beginning of what was to
be later a long ache for final frivolous rest.  Gravener was profound
enough to remark after a moment that in the first place he couldn’t be
anything but a Dissenter, and when I answered that the very note of his
fascination was his extraordinary speculative breadth my friend retorted
that there was no cad like your cultivated cad, and that I might depend
upon discovering—since I had had the levity not already to have
enquired—that my shining light proceeded, a generation back, from a
Methodist cheesemonger.  I confess I was struck with his insistence, and
I said, after reflexion: “It may be—I admit it may be; but why on earth
are you so sure?”—asking the question mainly to lay him the trap of
saying that it was because the poor man didn’t dress for dinner.  He took
an instant to circumvent my trap and come blandly out the other side.

“Because the Kent Mulvilles have invented him.  They’ve an infallible
hand for frauds.  All their geese are swans.  They were born to be duped,
they like it, they cry for it, they don’t know anything from anything,
and they disgust one—luckily perhaps!—with Christian charity.”  His
vehemence was doubtless an accident, but it might have been a strange
foreknowledge.  I forget what protest I dropped; it was at any rate
something that led him to go on after a moment: “I only ask one
thing—it’s perfectly simple.  Is a man, in a given case, a real
gentleman?”

“A real gentleman, my dear fellow—that’s so soon said!”

“Not so soon when he isn’t!  If they’ve got hold of one this time he must
be a great rascal!”

“I might feel injured,” I answered, “if I didn’t reflect that they don’t
rave about me.”

“Don’t be too sure!  I’ll grant that he’s a gentleman,” Gravener
presently added, “if you’ll admit that he’s a scamp.”

“I don’t know which to admire most, your logic or your benevolence.”

My friend coloured at this, but he didn’t change the subject.  “Where did
they pick him up?”

“I think they were struck with something he had published.”

“I can fancy the dreary thing!”

“I believe they found out he had all sorts of worries and difficulties.”

“That of course wasn’t to be endured, so they jumped at the privilege of
paying his debts!”  I professed that I knew nothing about his debts, and
I reminded my visitor that though the dear Mulvilles were angels they
were neither idiots nor millionaires.  What they mainly aimed at was
reuniting Mr. Saltram to his wife.  “I was expecting to hear he has
basely abandoned her,” Gravener went on, at this, “and I’m too glad you
don’t disappoint me.”

I tried to recall exactly what Mrs. Mulville had told me.  “He didn’t
leave her—no.  It’s she who has left him.”

“Left him to us?” Gravener asked.  “The monster—many thanks!  I decline
to take him.”

“You’ll hear more about him in spite of yourself.  I can’t, no, I really
can’t resist the impression that he’s a big man.”  I was already
mastering—to my shame perhaps be it said—just the tone my old friend
least liked.

“It’s doubtless only a trifle,” he returned, “but you haven’t happened to
mention what his reputation’s to rest on.”

“Why on what I began by boring you with—his extraordinary mind.”

“As exhibited in his writings?”

“Possibly in his writings, but certainly in his talk, which is far and
away the richest I ever listened to.”

“And what’s it all about?”

“My dear fellow, don’t ask me!  About everything!” I pursued, reminding
myself of poor Adelaide.  “About his ideas of things,” I then more
charitably added.  “You must have heard him to know what I mean—it’s
unlike anything that ever was heard.”  I coloured, I admit, I overcharged
a little, for such a picture was an anticipation of Saltram’s later
development and still more of my fuller acquaintance with him.  However,
I really expressed, a little lyrically perhaps, my actual imagination of
him when I proceeded to declare that, in a cloud of tradition, of legend,
he might very well go down to posterity as the greatest of all great
talkers.  Before we parted George Gravener had wondered why such a row
should be made about a chatterbox the more and why he should be pampered
and pensioned.  The greater the wind-bag the greater the calamity.  Out
of proportion to everything else on earth had come to be this wagging of
the tongue.  We were drenched with talk—our wretched age was dying of it.
I differed from him here sincerely, only going so far as to concede, and
gladly, that we were drenched with sound.  It was not however the mere
speakers who were killing us—it was the mere stammerers.  Fine talk was
as rare as it was refreshing—the gift of the gods themselves, the one
starry spangle on the ragged cloak of humanity.  How many men were there
who rose to this privilege, of how many masters of conversation could he
boast the acquaintance?  Dying of talk?—why we were dying of the lack of
it!  Bad writing wasn’t talk, as many people seemed to think, and even
good wasn’t always to be compared to it.  From the best talk indeed the
best writing had something to learn.  I fancifully added that we too
should peradventure be gilded by the legend, should be pointed at for
having listened, for having actually heard.  Gravener, who had glanced at
his watch and discovered it was midnight, found to all this a retort
beautifully characteristic of him.

“There’s one little fact to be borne in mind in the presence equally of
the best talk and of the worst.”  He looked, in saying this, as if he
meant great things, and I was sure he could only mean once more that
neither of them mattered if a man wasn’t a real gentleman.  Perhaps it
was what he did mean; he deprived me however of the exultation of being
right by putting the truth in a slightly different way.  “The only thing
that really counts for one’s estimate of a person is his conduct.”  He
had his watch still in his palm, and I reproached him with unfair play in
having ascertained beforehand that it was now the hour at which I always
gave in.  My pleasantry so far failed to mollify him that he promptly
added that to the rule he had just enunciated there was absolutely no
exception.

“None whatever?”

“None whatever.”

“Trust me then to try to be good at any price!” I laughed as I went with
him to the door.  “I declare I will be, if I have to be horrible!”




III


IF that first night was one of the liveliest, or at any rate was the
freshest, of my exaltations, there was another, four years later, that
was one of my great discomposures.  Repetition, I well knew by this time,
was the secret of Saltram’s power to alienate, and of course one would
never have seen him at his finest if one hadn’t seen him in his remorses.
They set in mainly at this season and were magnificent, elemental,
orchestral.  I was quite aware that one of these atmospheric disturbances
was now due; but none the less, in our arduous attempt to set him on his
feet as a lecturer, it was impossible not to feel that two failures were
a large order, as we said, for a short course of five.  This was the
second time, and it was past nine o’clock; the audience, a muster
unprecedented and really encouraging, had fortunately the attitude of
blandness that might have been looked for in persons whom the promise of
(if I’m not mistaken) An Analysis of Primary Ideas had drawn to the
neighbourhood of Upper Baker Street.  There was in those days in that
region a petty lecture-hall to be secured on terms as moderate as the
funds left at our disposal by the irrepressible question of the
maintenance of five small Saltrams—I include the mother—and one large
one.  By the time the Saltrams, of different sizes, were all maintained
we had pretty well poured out the oil that might have lubricated the
machinery for enabling the most original of men to appear to maintain
them.

It was I, the other time, who had been forced into the breach, standing
up there for an odious lamplit moment to explain to half a dozen thin
benches, where earnest brows were virtuously void of anything so cynical
as a suspicion, that we couldn’t so much as put a finger on Mr. Saltram.
There was nothing to plead but that our scouts had been out from the
early hours and that we were afraid that on one of his walks abroad—he
took one, for meditation, whenever he was to address such a company—some
accident had disabled or delayed him.  The meditative walks were a
fiction, for he never, that any one could discover, prepared anything but
a magnificent prospectus; hence his circulars and programmes, of which I
possess an almost complete collection, are the solemn ghosts of
generations never born.  I put the case, as it seemed to me, at the best;
but I admit I had been angry, and Kent Mulville was shocked at my want of
public optimism.  This time therefore I left the excuses to his more
practised patience, only relieving myself in response to a direct appeal
from a young lady next whom, in the hall, I found myself sitting.  My
position was an accident, but if it had been calculated the reason would
scarce have eluded an observer of the fact that no one else in the room
had an approach to an appearance.  Our philosopher’s “tail” was
deplorably limp.  This visitor was the only person who looked at her
ease, who had come a little in the spirit of adventure.  She seemed to
carry amusement in her handsome young head, and her presence spoke, a
little mystifyingly, of a sudden extension of Saltram’s sphere of
influence.  He was doing better than we hoped, and he had chosen such an
occasion, of all occasions, to succumb to heaven knew which of his fond
infirmities.  The young lady produced an impression of auburn hair and
black velvet, and had on her other hand a companion of obscurer type,
presumably a waiting-maid.  She herself might perhaps have been a foreign
countess, and before she addressed me I had beguiled our sorry interval
by finding in her a vague recall of the opening of some novel of Madame
Sand.  It didn’t make her more fathomable to pass in a few minutes from
this to the certitude that she was American; it simply engendered
depressing reflexions as to the possible check to contributions from
Boston.  She asked me if, as a person apparently more initiated, I would
recommend further waiting, and I answered that if she considered I was on
my honour I would privately deprecate it.  Perhaps she didn’t; at any
rate our talk took a turn that prolonged it till she became aware we were
left almost alone.  I presently ascertained she knew Mrs. Saltram, and
this explained in a manner the miracle.  The brotherhood of the friends
of the husband was as nothing to the brotherhood, or perhaps I should say
the sisterhood, of the friends of the wife.  Like the Kent Mulvilles I
belonged to both fraternities, and even better than they I think I had
sounded the abyss of Mrs. Saltram’s wrongs.  She bored me to extinction,
and I knew but too well how she had bored her husband; but there were
those who stood by her, the most efficient of whom were indeed the
handful of poor Saltram’s backers.  They did her liberal justice, whereas
her mere patrons and partisans had nothing but hatred for our
philosopher.  I’m bound to say it was we, however—we of both camps, as it
were—who had always done most for her.

I thought my young lady looked rich—I scarcely knew why; and I hoped she
had put her hand in her pocket.  I soon made her out, however, not at all
a fine fanatic—she was but a generous, irresponsible enquirer.  She had
come to England to see her aunt, and it was at her aunt’s she had met the
dreary lady we had all so much on our mind.  I saw she’d help to pass the
time when she observed that it was a pity this lady wasn’t intrinsically
more interesting.  That was refreshing, for it was an article of faith in
Mrs. Saltram’s circle—at least among those who scorned to know her horrid
husband—that she was attractive on her merits.  She was in truth a most
ordinary person, as Saltram himself would have been if he hadn’t been a
prodigy.  The question of vulgarity had no application to him, but it was
a measure his wife kept challenging you to apply.  I hasten to add that
the consequences of your doing so were no sufficient reason for his
having left her to starve.  “He doesn’t seem to have much force of
character,” said my young lady; at which I laughed out so loud that my
departing friends looked back at me over their shoulders as if I were
making a joke of their discomfiture.  My joke probably cost Saltram a
subscription or two, but it helped me on with my interlocutress.  “She
says he drinks like a fish,” she sociably continued, “and yet she allows
that his mind’s wonderfully clear.”  It was amusing to converse with a
pretty girl who could talk of the clearness of Saltram’s mind.  I
expected next to hear she had been assured he was awfully clever.  I
tried to tell her—I had it almost on my conscience—what was the proper
way to regard him; an effort attended perhaps more than ever on this
occasion with the usual effect of my feeling that I wasn’t after all very
sure of it.  She had come to-night out of high curiosity—she had wanted
to learn this proper way for herself.  She had read some of his papers
and hadn’t understood them; but it was at home, at her aunt’s, that her
curiosity had been kindled—kindled mainly by his wife’s remarkable
stories of his want of virtue.  “I suppose they ought to have kept me
away,” my companion dropped, “and I suppose they’d have done so if I
hadn’t somehow got an idea that he’s fascinating.  In fact Mrs. Saltram
herself says he is.”

“So you came to see where the fascination resides?  Well, you’ve seen!”

My young lady raised fine eyebrows.  “Do you mean in his bad faith?”

“In the extraordinary effects of it; his possession, that is, of some
quality or other that condemns us in advance to forgive him the
humiliation, as I may call it, to which he has subjected us.”

“The humiliation?”

“Why mine, for instance, as one of his guarantors, before you as the
purchaser of a ticket.”

She let her charming gay eyes rest on me.  “You don’t look humiliated a
bit, and if you did I should let you off, disappointed as I am; for the
mysterious quality you speak of is just the quality I came to see.”

“Oh, you can’t ‘see’ it!” I cried.

“How then do you get at it?”

“You don’t!  You mustn’t suppose he’s good-looking,” I added.

“Why his wife says he’s lovely!”

My hilarity may have struck her as excessive, but I confess it broke out
afresh.  Had she acted only in obedience to this singular plea, so
characteristic, on Mrs. Saltram’s part, of what was irritating in the
narrowness of that lady’s point of view?  “Mrs. Saltram,” I explained,
“undervalues him where he’s strongest, so that, to make up for it
perhaps, she overpraises him where he’s weak.  He’s not, assuredly,
superficially attractive; he’s middle-aged, fat, featureless save for his
great eyes.”

“Yes, his great eyes,” said my young lady attentively.  She had evidently
heard all about his great eyes—the beaux yeux for which alone we had
really done it all.

“They’re tragic and splendid—lights on a dangerous coast.  But he moves
badly and dresses worse, and altogether he’s anything but smart.”

My companion, who appeared to reflect on this, after a moment appealed.
“Do you call him a real gentleman?”

I started slightly at the question, for I had a sense of recognising it:
George Gravener, years before, that first flushed night, had put me face
to face with it.  It had embarrassed me then, but it didn’t embarrass me
now, for I had lived with it and overcome it and disposed of it.  “A real
gentleman?  Emphatically not!”

My promptitude surprised her a little, but I quickly felt how little it
was to Gravener I was now talking.  “Do you say that because he’s—what do
you call it in England?—of humble extraction?”

“Not a bit.  His father was a country school-master and his mother the
widow of a sexton, but that has nothing to do with it.  I say it simply
because I know him well.”

“But isn’t it an awful drawback?”

“Awful—quite awful.”

“I mean isn’t it positively fatal?”

“Fatal to what?  Not to his magnificent vitality.”

Again she had a meditative moment.  “And is his magnificent vitality the
cause of his vices?”

“Your questions are formidable, but I’m glad you put them.  I was
thinking of his noble intellect.  His vices, as you say, have been much
exaggerated: they consist mainly after all in one comprehensive defect.”

“A want of will?”

“A want of dignity.”

“He doesn’t recognise his obligations?”

“On the contrary, he recognises them with effusion, especially in public:
he smiles and bows and beckons across the street to them.  But when they
pass over he turns away, and he speedily loses them in the crowd.  The
recognition’s purely spiritual—it isn’t in the least social.  So he
leaves all his belongings to other people to take care of.  He accepts
favours, loans, sacrifices—all with nothing more deterrent than an agony
of shame.  Fortunately we’re a little faithful band, and we do what we
can.”  I held my tongue about the natural children, engendered, to the
number of three, in the wantonness of his youth.  I only remarked that he
did make efforts—often tremendous ones.  “But the efforts,” I said,
“never come to much: the only things that come to much are the
abandonments, the surrenders.”

“And how much do they come to?”

“You’re right to put it as if we had a big bill to pay, but, as I’ve told
you before, your questions are rather terrible.  They come, these mere
exercises of genius, to a great sum total of poetry, of philosophy, a
mighty mass of speculation, notation, quotation.  The genius is there,
you see, to meet the surrender; but there’s no genius to support the
defence.”

“But what is there, after all, at his age, to show?”

“In the way of achievement recognised and reputation established?” I
asked.  “To ‘show’ if you will, there isn’t much, since his writing,
mostly, isn’t as fine, isn’t certainly as showy, as his talk.  Moreover
two-thirds of his work are merely colossal projects and announcements.
‘Showing’ Frank Saltram is often a poor business,” I went on: “we
endeavoured, you’ll have observed, to show him to-night!  However, if he
had lectured he’d have lectured divinely.  It would just have been his
talk.”

“And what would his talk just have been?”

I was conscious of some ineffectiveness, as well perhaps as of a little
impatience, as I replied: “The exhibition of a splendid intellect.”  My
young lady looked not quite satisfied at this, but as I wasn’t prepared
for another question I hastily pursued: “The sight of a great suspended
swinging crystal—huge lucid lustrous, a block of light—flashing back
every impression of life and every possibility of thought!”

This gave her something to turn over till we had passed out to the dusky
porch of the hall, in front of which the lamps of a quiet brougham were
almost the only thing Saltram’s treachery hadn’t extinguished.  I went
with her to the door of her carriage, out of which she leaned a moment
after she had thanked me and taken her seat.  Her smile even in the
darkness was pretty.  “I do want to see that crystal!”

“You’ve only to come to the next lecture.”

“I go abroad in a day or two with my aunt.”

“Wait over till next week,” I suggested.  “It’s quite worth it.”

She became grave.  “Not unless he really comes!”  At which the brougham
started off, carrying her away too fast, fortunately for my manners, to
allow me to exclaim “Ingratitude!”




IV


MRS. SALTRAM made a great affair of her right to be informed where her
husband had been the second evening he failed to meet his audience.  She
came to me to ascertain, but I couldn’t satisfy her, for in spite of my
ingenuity I remained in ignorance.  It wasn’t till much later that I
found this had not been the case with Kent Mulville, whose hope for the
best never twirled the thumbs of him more placidly than when he happened
to know the worst.  He had known it on the occasion I speak of—that is
immediately after.  He was impenetrable then, but ultimately confessed.
What he confessed was more than I shall now venture to make public.  It
was of course familiar to me that Saltram was incapable of keeping the
engagements which, after their separation, he had entered into with
regard to his wife, a deeply wronged, justly resentful, quite
irreproachable and insufferable person.  She often appeared at my
chambers to talk over his lapses; for if, as she declared, she had washed
her hands of him, she had carefully preserved the water of this ablution,
which she handed about for analysis.  She had arts of her own of exciting
one’s impatience, the most infallible of which was perhaps her assumption
that we were kind to her because we liked her.  In reality her personal
fall had been a sort of social rise—since I had seen the moment when, in
our little conscientious circle, her desolation almost made her the
fashion.  Her voice was grating and her children ugly; moreover she hated
the good Mulvilles, whom I more and more loved.  They were the people who
by doing most for her husband had in the long run done most for herself;
and the warm confidence with which he had laid his length upon them was a
pressure gentle compared with her stiffer persuadability.  I’m bound to
say he didn’t criticise his benefactors, though practically he got tired
of them; she, however, had the highest standards about eleemosynary
forms.  She offered the odd spectacle of a spirit puffed up by
dependence, and indeed it had introduced her to some excellent society.
She pitied me for not knowing certain people who aided her and whom she
doubtless patronised in turn for their luck in not knowing me.  I dare
say I should have got on with her better if she had had a ray of
imagination—if it had occasionally seemed to occur to her to regard
Saltram’s expressions of his nature in any other manner than as separate
subjects of woe.  They were all flowers of his character, pearls strung
on an endless thread; but she had a stubborn little way of challenging
them one after the other, as if she never suspected that he had a
character, such as it was, or that deficiencies might be organic; the
irritating effect of a mind incapable of a generalisation.  One might
doubtless have overdone the idea that there was a general licence for
such a man; but if this had happened it would have been through one’s
feeling that there could be none for such a woman.

I recognised her superiority when I asked her about the aunt of the
disappointed young lady: it sounded like a sentence from an
English-French or other phrase-book.  She triumphed in what she told me
and she may have triumphed still more in what she withheld.  My friend of
the other evening, Miss Anvoy, had but lately come to England; Lady
Coxon, the aunt, had been established here for years in consequence of
her marriage with the late Sir Gregory of that name.  She had a house in
the Regent’s Park, a Bath-chair and a fernery; and above all she had
sympathy.  Mrs. Saltram had made her acquaintance through mutual friends.
This vagueness caused me to feel how much I was out of it and how large
an independent circle Mrs. Saltram had at her command.  I should have
been glad to know more about the disappointed young lady, but I felt I
should know most by not depriving her of her advantage, as she might have
mysterious means of depriving me of my knowledge.  For the present,
moreover, this experience was stayed, Lady Coxon having in fact gone
abroad accompanied by her niece.  The niece, besides being immensely
clever, was an heiress, Mrs. Saltram said; the only daughter and the
light of the eyes of some great American merchant, a man, over there, of
endless indulgences and dollars.  She had pretty clothes and pretty
manners, and she had, what was prettier still, the great thing of all.
The great thing of all for Mrs. Saltram was always sympathy, and she
spoke as if during the absence of these ladies she mightn’t know where to
turn for it.  A few months later indeed, when they had come back, her
tone perceptibly changed: she alluded to them, on my leading her up to
it, rather as to persons in her debt for favours received.  What had
happened I didn’t know, but I saw it would take only a little more or a
little less to make her speak of them as thankless subjects of social
countenance—people for whom she had vainly tried to do something.  I
confess I saw how it wouldn’t be in a mere week or two that I should rid
myself of the image of Ruth Anvoy, in whose very name, when I learnt it,
I found something secretly to like.  I should probably neither see her
nor hear of her again: the knight’s widow (he had been mayor of
Clockborough) would pass away and the heiress would return to her
inheritance.  I gathered with surprise that she had not communicated to
his wife the story of her attempt to hear Mr..Saltram, and I founded this
reticence on the easy supposition that Mrs. Saltram had fatigued by
overpressure the spring of the sympathy of which she boasted.  The girl
at any rate would forget the small adventure, be distracted, take a
husband; besides which she would lack occasion to repeat her experiment.

We clung to the idea of the brilliant course, delivered without an
accident, that, as a lecturer, would still make the paying public aware
of our great man, but the fact remained that in the case of an
inspiration so unequal there was treachery, there was fallacy at least,
in the very conception of a series.  In our scrutiny of ways and means we
were inevitably subject to the old convention of the synopsis, the
syllabus, partly of course not to lose the advantage of his grand free
hand in drawing up such things; but for myself I laughed at our playbills
even while I stickled for them.  It was indeed amusing work to be
scrupulous for Frank Saltram, who also at moments laughed about it, so
far as the comfort of a sigh so unstudied as to be cheerful might pass
for such a sound.  He admitted with a candour all his own that he was in
truth only to be depended on in the Mulvilles’ drawing-room.  “Yes,” he
suggestively allowed, “it’s there, I think, that I’m at my best; quite
late, when it gets toward eleven—and if I’ve not been too much worried.”
We all knew what too much worry meant; it meant too enslaved for the hour
to the superstition of sobriety.  On the Saturdays I used to bring my
portmanteau, so as not to have to think of eleven o’clock trains.  I had
a bold theory that as regards this temple of talk and its altars of
cushioned chintz, its pictures and its flowers, its large fireside and
clear lamplight, we might really arrive at something if the Mulvilles
would but charge for admission.  Here it was, however, that they
shamelessly broke down; as there’s a flaw in every perfection this was
the inexpugnable refuge of their egotism.  They declined to make their
saloon a market, so that Saltram’s golden words continued the sole coin
that rang there.  It can have happened to no man, however, to be paid a
greater price than such an enchanted hush as surrounded him on his
greatest nights.  The most profane, on these occasions, felt a presence;
all minor eloquence grew dumb.  Adelaide Mulville, for the pride of her
hospitality, anxiously watched the door or stealthily poked the fire.  I
used to call it the music-room, for we had anticipated Bayreuth.  The
very gates of the kingdom of light seemed to open and the horizon of
thought to flash with the beauty of a sunrise at sea.

In the consideration of ways and means, the sittings of our little board,
we were always conscious of the creak of Mrs. Saltram’s shoes.  She
hovered, she interrupted, she almost presided, the state of affairs being
mostly such as to supply her with every incentive for enquiring what was
to be done next.  It was the pressing pursuit of this knowledge that, in
concatenations of omnibuses and usually in very wet weather, led her so
often to my door.  She thought us spiritless creatures with editors and
publishers; but she carried matters to no great effect when she
personally pushed into back-shops.  She wanted all moneys to be paid to
herself: they were otherwise liable to such strange adventures.  They
trickled away into the desert—they were mainly at best, alas, a slender
stream.  The editors and the publishers were the last people to take this
remarkable thinker at the valuation that has now pretty well come to be
established.  The former were half-distraught between the desire to “cut”
him and the difficulty of finding a crevice for their shears; and when a
volume on this or that portentous subject was proposed to the latter they
suggested alternative titles which, as reported to our friend, brought
into his face the noble blank melancholy that sometimes made it handsome.
The title of an unwritten book didn’t after all much matter, but some
masterpiece of Saltram’s may have died in his bosom of the shudder with
which it was then convulsed.  The ideal solution, failing the fee at Kent
Mulville’s door, would have been some system of subscription to projected
treatises with their non-appearance provided for—provided for, I mean, by
the indulgence of subscribers.  The author’s real misfortune was that
subscribers were so wretchedly literal.  When they tastelessly enquired
why publication hadn’t ensued I was tempted to ask who in the world had
ever been so published.  Nature herself had brought him out in voluminous
form, and the money was simply a deposit on borrowing the work.




V


I WAS doubtless often a nuisance to my friends in those years; but there
were sacrifices I declined to make, and I never passed the hat to George
Gravener.  I never forgot our little discussion in Ebury Street, and I
think it stuck in my throat to have to treat him to the avowal I had
found so easy to Mss Anvoy.  It had cost me nothing to confide to this
charming girl, but it would have cost me much to confide to the friend of
my youth, that the character of the “real gentleman” wasn’t an attribute
of the man I took such pains for.  Was this because I had already
generalised to the point of perceiving that women are really the
unfastidious sex?  I knew at any rate that Gravener, already quite in
view but still hungry and frugal, had naturally enough more ambition than
charity.  He had sharp aims for stray sovereigns, being in view most from
the tall steeple of Clockborough.  His immediate ambition was to occupy à
lui seul the field of vision of that smokily-seeing city, and all his
movements and postures were calculated for the favouring angle.  The
movement of the hand as to the pocket had thus to alternate gracefully
with the posture of the hand on the heart.  He talked to Clockborough in
short only less beguilingly than Frank Saltram talked to his electors;
with the difference to our credit, however, that we had already voted and
that our candidate had no antagonist but himself.  He had more than once
been at Wimbledon—it was Mrs. Mulville’s work not mine—and by the time
the claret was served had seen the god descend.  He took more pains to
swing his censer than I had expected, but on our way back to town he
forestalled any little triumph I might have been so artless as to express
by the observation that such a man was—a hundred times!—a man to use and
never a man to be used by.  I remember that this neat remark humiliated
me almost as much as if virtually, in the fever of broken slumbers, I
hadn’t often made it myself.  The difference was that on Gravener’s part
a force attached to it that could never attach to it on mine.  He was
able to use people—he had the machinery; and the irony of Saltram’s being
made showy at Clockborough came out to me when he said, as if he had no
memory of our original talk and the idea were quite fresh to him: “I hate
his type, you know, but I’ll be hanged if I don’t put some of those
things in.  I can find a place for them: we might even find a place for
the fellow himself.”  I myself should have had some fear—not, I need
scarcely say, for the “things” themselves, but for some other things very
near them; in fine for the rest of my eloquence.

Later on I could see that the oracle of Wimbledon was not in this case so
appropriate as he would have been had the polities of the gods only
coincided more exactly with those of the party.  There was a distinct
moment when, without saying anything more definite to me, Gravener
entertained the idea of annexing Mr. Saltram.  Such a project was
delusive, for the discovery of analogies between his body of doctrine and
that pressed from headquarters upon Clockborough—the bottling, in a word,
of the air of those lungs for convenient public uncorking in
corn-exchanges—was an experiment for which no one had the leisure.  The
only thing would have been to carry him massively about, paid, caged,
clipped; to turn him on for a particular occasion in a particular
channel.  Frank Saltram’s channel, however, was essentially not
calculable, and there was no knowing what disastrous floods might have
ensued.  For what there would have been to do The Empire, the great
newspaper, was there to look to; but it was no new misfortune that there
were delicate situations in which The Empire broke down.  In fine there
was an instinctive apprehension that a clever young journalist
commissioned to report on Mr. Saltram might never come back from the
errand.  No one knew better than George Gravener that that was a time
when prompt returns counted double.  If he therefore found our friend an
exasperating waste of orthodoxy it was because of his being, as he said,
poor Gravener, up in the clouds, not because he was down in the dust.
The man would have been, just as he was, a real enough gentleman if he
could have helped to put in a real gentleman.  Gravener’s great objection
to the actual member was that he was not one.

Lady Coxon had a fine old house, a house with “grounds,” at Clockborough,
which she had let; but after she returned from abroad I learned from Mrs.
Saltram that the lease had fallen in and that she had gone down to resume
possession.  I could see the faded red livery, the big square shoulders,
the high-walled garden of this decent abode.  As the rumble of
dissolution grew louder the suitor would have pressed his suit, and I
found myself hoping the politics of the late Mayor’s widow wouldn’t be
such as to admonish her to ask him to dinner; perhaps indeed I went so
far as to pray, they would naturally form a bar to any contact.  I tried
to focus the many-buttoned page, in the daily airing, as he perhaps even
pushed the Bath-chair over somebody’s toes.  I was destined to hear, none
the less, through Mrs. Saltram—who, I afterwards learned, was in
correspondence with Lady Coxon’s housekeeper—that Gravener was known to
have spoken of the habitation I had in my eye as the pleasantest thing at
Clockborough.  On his part, I was sure, this was the voice not of envy
but of experience.  The vivid scene was now peopled, and I could see him
in the old-time garden with Miss Anvoy, who would be certain, and very
justly, to think him good-looking.  It would be too much to describe
myself as troubled by this play of surmise; but I occur to remember the
relief, singular enough, of feeling it suddenly brushed away by an
annoyance really much greater; an annoyance the result of its happening
to come over me about that time with a rush that I was simply ashamed of
Frank Saltram.  There were limits after all, and my mark at last had been
reached.

I had had my disgusts, if I may allow myself to-day such an expression;
but this was a supreme revolt.  Certain things cleared up in my mind,
certain values stood out.  It was all very well to have an unfortunate
temperament; there was nothing so unfortunate as to have, for practical
purposes, nothing else.  I avoided George Gravener at this moment and
reflected that at such a time I should do so most effectually by leaving
England.  I wanted to forget Frank Saltram—that was all.  I didn’t want
to do anything in the world to him but that.  Indignation had withered on
the stalk, and I felt that one could pity him as much as one ought only
by never thinking of him again.  It wasn’t for anything he had done to
me; it was for what he had done to the Mulvilles.  Adelaide cried about
it for a week, and her husband, profiting by the example so signally
given him of the fatal effect of a want of character, left the letter,
the drop too much, unanswered.  The letter, an incredible one, addressed
by Saltram to Wimbledon during a stay with the Pudneys at Ramsgate, was
the central feature of the incident, which, however, had many features,
each more painful than whichever other we compared it with.  The Pudneys
had behaved shockingly, but that was no excuse.  Base ingratitude, gross
indecency—one had one’s choice only of such formulas as that the more
they fitted the less they gave one rest.  These are dead aches now, and I
am under no obligation, thank heaven, to be definite about the business.
There are things which if I had had to tell them—well, would have stopped
me off here altogether.

I went abroad for the general election, and if I don’t know how much, on
the Continent, I forgot, I at least know how much I missed, him.  At a
distance, in a foreign land, ignoring, abjuring, unlearning him, I
discovered what he had done for me.  I owed him, oh unmistakeably,
certain noble conceptions; I had lighted my little taper at his smoky
lamp, and lo it continued to twinkle.  But the light it gave me just
showed me how much more I wanted.  I was pursued of course by letters
from Mrs. Saltram which I didn’t scruple not to read, though quite aware
her embarrassments couldn’t but be now of the gravest.  I sacrificed to
propriety by simply putting them away, and this is how, one day as my
absence drew to an end, my eye, while I rummaged in my desk for another
paper, was caught by a name on a leaf that had detached itself from the
packet.  The allusion was to Miss Anvoy, who, it appeared, was engaged to
be married to Mr. George Gravener; and the news was two months old.  A
direct question of Mrs. Saltram’s had thus remained unanswered—she had
enquired of me in a postscript what sort of man this aspirant to such a
hand might be.  The great other fact about him just then was that he had
been triumphantly returned for Clockborough in the interest of the party
that had swept the country—so that I might easily have referred Mrs.
Saltram to the journals of the day.  Yet when I at last wrote her that I
was coming home and would discharge my accumulated burden by seeing her,
I but remarked in regard to her question that she must really put it to
Miss Anvoy.




VI


I HAD almost avoided the general election, but some of its consequences,
on my return, had smartly to be faced.  The season, in London, began to
breathe again and to flap its folded wings.  Confidence, under the new
Ministry, was understood to be reviving, and one of the symptoms, in a
social body, was a recovery of appetite.  People once more fed together,
and it happened that, one Saturday night, at somebody’s house, I fed with
George Gravener.  When the ladies left the room I moved up to where he
sat and begged to congratulate him.  “On my election?” he asked after a
moment; so that I could feign, jocosely, not to have heard of that
triumph and to be alluding to the rumour of a victory still more
personal.  I dare say I coloured however, for his political success had
momentarily passed out of my mind.  What was present to it was that he
was to marry that beautiful girl; and yet his question made me conscious
of some discomposure—I hadn’t intended to put this before everything.  He
himself indeed ought gracefully to have done so, and I remember thinking
the whole man was in this assumption that in expressing my sense of what
he had won I had fixed my thoughts on his “seat.”  We straightened the
matter out, and he was so much lighter in hand than I had lately seen him
that his spirits might well have been fed from a twofold source.  He was
so good as to say that he hoped I should soon make the acquaintance of
Miss Anvoy, who, with her aunt, was presently coming up to town.  Lady
Coxon, in the country, had been seriously unwell, and this had delayed
their arrival.  I told him I had heard the marriage would be a splendid
one; on which, brightened and humanised by his luck, he laughed and said
“Do you mean for her?”  When I had again explained what I meant he went
on: “Oh she’s an American, but you’d scarcely know it; unless, perhaps,”
he added, “by her being used to more money than most girls in England,
even the daughters of rich men.  That wouldn’t in the least do for a
fellow like me, you know, if it wasn’t for the great liberality of her
father.  He really has been most kind, and everything’s quite
satisfactory.”  He added that his eldest brother had taken a tremendous
fancy to her and that during a recent visit at Coldfield she had nearly
won over Lady Maddock.  I gathered from something he dropped later on
that the free-handed gentleman beyond the seas had not made a settlement,
but had given a handsome present and was apparently to be looked to,
across the water, for other favours.  People are simplified alike by
great contentments and great yearnings, and, whether or no it was
Gravener’s directness that begot my own, I seem to recall that in some
turn taken by our talk he almost imposed it on me as an act of decorum to
ask if Miss Anvoy had also by chance expectations from her aunt.  My
enquiry drew out that Lady Coxon, who was the oddest of women, would have
in any contingency to act under her late husband’s will, which was odder
still, saddling her with a mass of queer obligations complicated with
queer loopholes.  There were several dreary people, Coxon cousins, old
maids, to whom she would have more or less to minister.  Gravener
laughed, without saying no, when I suggested that the young lady might
come in through a loophole; then suddenly, as if he suspected my turning
a lantern on him, he declared quite dryly: “That’s all rot—one’s moved by
other springs!”

A fortnight later, at Lady Coxon’s own house, I understood well enough
the springs one was moved by.  Gravener had spoken of me there as an old
friend, and I received a gracious invitation to dine.  The Knight’s widow
was again indisposed—she had succumbed at the eleventh hour; so that I
found Miss Anvoy bravely playing hostess without even Gravener’s help,
since, to make matters worse, he had just sent up word that the House,
the insatiable House, with which he supposed he had contracted for easier
terms, positively declined to release him.  I was struck with the
courage, the grace and gaiety of the young lady left thus to handle the
fauna and flora of the Regent’s Park.  I did what I could to help her to
classify them, after I had recovered from the confusion of seeing her
slightly disconcerted at perceiving in the guest introduced by her
intended the gentleman with whom she had had that talk about Frank
Saltram.  I had at this moment my first glimpse of the fact that she was
a person who could carry a responsibility; but I leave the reader to
judge of my sense of the aggravation, for either of us, of such a burden,
when I heard the servant announce Mrs. Saltram.  From what immediately
passed between the two ladies I gathered that the latter had been sent
for post-haste to fill the gap created by the absence of the mistress of
the house.  “Good!” I remember crying, “she’ll be put by me;” and my
apprehension was promptly justified.  Mrs. Saltram taken in to dinner,
and taken in as a consequence of an appeal to her amiability, was Mrs.
Saltram with a vengeance.  I asked myself what Miss Anvoy meant by doing
such things, but the only answer I arrived at was that Gravener was
verily fortunate.  She hadn’t happened to tell him of her visit to Upper
Baker Street, but she’d certainly tell him to-morrow; not indeed that
this would make him like any better her having had the innocence to
invite such a person as Mrs. Saltram on such an occasion.  It could only
strike me that I had never seen a young woman put such ignorance into her
cleverness, such freedom into her modesty; this, I think, was when, after
dinner, she said to me frankly, with almost jubilant mirth: “Oh you don’t
admire Mrs. Saltram?”  Why should I?  This was truly a young person
without guile.  I had briefly to consider before I could reply that my
objection to the lady named was the objection often uttered about people
met at the social board—I knew all her stories.  Then as Miss Anvoy
remained momentarily vague I added: “Those about her husband.”

“Oh yes, but there are some new ones.”

“None for me.  Ah novelty would be pleasant!”

“Doesn’t it appear that of late he has been particularly horrid?”

“His fluctuations don’t matter”, I returned, “for at night all cats are
grey.  You saw the shade of this one the night we waited for him
together.  What will you have?  He has no dignity.”

Miss Anvoy, who had been introducing with her American distinctness,
looked encouragingly round at some of the combinations she had risked.
“It’s too bad I can’t see him.”

“You mean Gravener won’t let you?”

“I haven’t asked him.  He lets me do everything.”

“But you know he knows him and wonders what some of us see in him.”

“We haven’t happened to talk of him,” the girl said.

“Get him to take you some day out to see the Mulvilles.”

“I thought Mr. Saltram had thrown the Mulvilles over.”

“Utterly.  But that won’t prevent his being planted there again, to bloom
like a rose, within a month or two.”

Miss Anvoy thought a moment.  Then, “I should like to see them,” she said
with her fostering smile.

“They’re tremendously worth it.  You mustn’t miss them.”

“I’ll make George take me,” she went on as Mrs. Saltram came up to
interrupt us.  She sniffed at this unfortunate as kindly as she had
smiled at me and, addressing the question to her, continued: “But the
chance of a lecture—one of the wonderful lectures?  Isn’t there another
course announced?”

“Another?  There are about thirty!” I exclaimed, turning away and feeling
Mrs. Saltram’s little eyes in my back.  A few days after this I heard
that Gravener’s marriage was near at hand—was settled for Whitsuntide;
but as no invitation had reached me I had my doubts, and there presently
came to me in fact the report of a postponement.  Something was the
matter; what was the matter was supposed to be that Lady Coxon was now
critically ill.  I had called on her after my dinner in the Regent’s
Park, but I had neither seen her nor seen Miss Anvoy.  I forget to-day
the exact order in which, at this period, sundry incidents occurred and
the particular stage at which it suddenly struck me, making me catch my
breath a little, that the progression, the acceleration, was for all the
world that of fine drama.  This was probably rather late in the day, and
the exact order doesn’t signify.  What had already occurred was some
accident determining a more patient wait.  George Gravener, whom I met
again, in fact told me as much, but without signs of perturbation.  Lady
Coxon had to be constantly attended to, and there were other good reasons
as well.  Lady Coxon had to be so constantly attended to that on the
occasion of a second attempt in the Regent’s Park I equally failed to
obtain a sight of her niece.  I judged it discreet in all the conditions
not to make a third; but this didn’t matter, for it was through Adelaide
Mulville that the side-wind of the comedy, though I was at first
unwitting, began to reach me.  I went to Wimbledon at times because
Saltram was there, and I went at others because he wasn’t.  The Pudneys,
who had taken him to Birmingham, had already got rid of him, and we had a
horrible consciousness of his wandering roofless, in dishonour, about the
smoky Midlands, almost as the injured Lear wandered on the storm-lashed
heath.  His room, upstairs, had been lately done up (I could hear the
crackle of the new chintz) and the difference only made his smirches and
bruises, his splendid tainted genius, the more tragic.  If he wasn’t
barefoot in the mire he was sure to be unconventionally shod.  These were
the things Adelaide and I, who were old enough friends to stare at each
other in silence, talked about when we didn’t speak.  When we spoke it
was only about the brilliant girl George Gravener was to marry and whom
he had brought out the other Sunday.  I could see that this presentation
had been happy, for Mrs. Mulville commemorated it after her sole fashion
of showing confidence in a new relation.  “She likes me—she likes me”:
her native humility exulted in that measure of success.  We all knew for
ourselves how she liked those who liked her, and as regards Ruth Anvoy
she was more easily won over than Lady Maddock.




VII


ONE of the consequences, for the Mulvilles, of the sacrifices they made
for Frank Saltram was that they had to give up their carriage.  Adelaide
drove gently into London in a one-horse greenish thing, an early
Victorian landau, hired, near at hand, imaginatively, from a broken-down
jobmaster whose wife was in consumption—a vehicle that made people turn
round all the more when her pensioner sat beside her in a soft white hat
and a shawl, one of the dear woman’s own.  This was his position and I
dare say his costume when on an afternoon in July she went to return Miss
Anvoy’s visit.  The wheel of fate had now revolved, and amid silences
deep and exhaustive, compunctions and condonations alike unutterable,
Saltram was reinstated.  Was it in pride or in penance that Mrs. Mulville
had begun immediately to drive him about?  If he was ashamed of his
ingratitude she might have been ashamed of her forgiveness; but she was
incorrigibly capable of liking him to be conspicuous in the landau while
she was in shops or with her acquaintance.  However, if he was in the
pillory for twenty minutes in the Regent’s Park—I mean at Lady Coxon’s
door while his companion paid her call—it wasn’t to the further
humiliation of any one concerned that she presently came out for him in
person, not even to show either of them what a fool she was that she drew
him in to be introduced to the bright young American.  Her account of the
introduction I had in its order, but before that, very late in the
season, under Gravener’s auspices, I met Miss Anvoy at tea at the House
of Commons.  The member for Clockborough had gathered a group of pretty
ladies, and the Mulvilles were not of the party.  On the great terrace,
as I strolled off with her a little, the guest of honour immediately
exclaimed to me: “I’ve seen him, you know—I’ve seen him!”  She told me
about Saltram’s call.

“And how did you find him?”

“Oh so strange!”

“You didn’t like him?”

“I can’t tell till I see him again.”

“You want to do that?”

She had a pause.  “Immensely.”

We went no further; I fancied she had become aware Gravener was looking
at us.  She turned back toward the knot of the others, and I said:
“Dislike him as much as you will—I see you’re bitten.”

“Bitten?”  I thought she coloured a little.

“Oh it doesn’t matter!” I laughed; “one doesn’t die of it.”

“I hope I shan’t die of anything before I’ve seen more of Mrs. Mulville.”
I rejoiced with her over plain Adelaide, whom she pronounced the
loveliest woman she had met in England; but before we separated I
remarked to her that it was an act of mere humanity to warn her that if
she should see more of Frank Saltram—which would be likely to follow on
any increase of acquaintance with Mrs. Mulville—she might find herself
flattening her nose against the clear hard pane of an eternal
question—that of the relative, that of the opposed, importances of virtue
and brains.  She replied that this was surely a subject on which one took
everything for granted; whereupon I admitted that I had perhaps expressed
myself ill.  What I referred to was what I had referred to the night we
met in Upper Baker Street—the relative importance (relative to virtue) of
other gifts.  She asked me if I called virtue a gift—a thing handed to us
in a parcel on our first birthday; and I declared that this very enquiry
proved to me the problem had already caught her by the skirt.  She would
have help however, the same help I myself had once had, in resisting its
tendency to make one cross.

“What help do you mean?”

“That of the member for Clockborough.”

She stared, smiled, then returned: “Why my idea has been to help him!”

She had helped him—I had his own word for it that at Clockborough her
bedevilment of the voters had really put him in.  She would do so
doubtless again and again, though I heard the very next month that this
fine faculty had undergone a temporary eclipse.  News of the catastrophe
first came to me from Mrs. Saltram, and it was afterwards confirmed at
Wimbledon: poor Miss Anvoy was in trouble—great disasters in America had
suddenly summoned her home.  Her father, in New York, had suffered
reverses, lost so much money that it was really vexatious as showing how
much he had had.  It was Adelaide who told me she had gone off alone at
less than a week’s notice.

“Alone?  Gravener has permitted that?”

“What will you have?  The House of Commons!”

I’m afraid I cursed the House of Commons: I was so much interested.  Of
course he’d follow her as soon as he was free to make her his wife; only
she mightn’t now be able to bring him anything like the marriage-portion
of which he had begun by having the virtual promise.  Mrs. Mulville let
me know what was already said: she was charming, this American girl, but
really these American fathers—!  What was a man to do?  Mr. Saltram,
according to Mrs. Mulville, was of opinion that a man was never to suffer
his relation to money to become a spiritual relation—he was to keep it
exclusively material.  “Moi pas comprendre!” I commented on this; in
rejoinder to which Adelaide, with her beautiful sympathy, explained that
she supposed he simply meant that the thing was to use it, don’t you
know? but not to think too much about it.  “To take it, but not to thank
you for it?” I still more profanely enquired.  For a quarter of an hour
afterwards she wouldn’t look at me, but this didn’t prevent my asking her
what had been the result, that afternoon—in the Regent’s Park, of her
taking our friend to see Miss Anvoy.

“Oh so charming!” she answered, brightening.  “He said he recognised in
her a nature he could absolutely trust.”

“Yes, but I’m speaking of the effect on herself.”

Mrs. Mulville had to remount the stream.  “It was everything one could
wish.”

Something in her tone made me laugh.  “Do you mean she gave him—a dole?”

“Well, since you ask me!”

“Right there on the spot?”

Again poor Adelaide faltered.  “It was to me of course she gave it.”

I stared; somehow I couldn’t see the scene.  “Do you mean a sum of
money?”

“It was very handsome.”  Now at last she met my eyes, though I could see
it was with an effort.  “Thirty pounds.”

“Straight out of her pocket?”

“Out of the drawer of a table at which she had been writing.  She just
slipped the folded notes into my hand.  He wasn’t looking; it was while
he was going back to the carriage.”  “Oh,” said Adelaide reassuringly, “I
take care of it for him!”  The dear practical soul thought my agitation,
for I confess I was agitated, referred to the employment of the money.
Her disclosure made me for a moment muse violently, and I dare say that
during that moment I wondered if anything else in the world makes people
so gross as unselfishness.  I uttered, I suppose, some vague synthetic
cry, for she went on as if she had had a glimpse of my inward amaze at
such passages.  “I assure you, my dear friend, he was in one of his happy
hours.”

But I wasn’t thinking of that.  “Truly indeed these Americans!” I said.
“With her father in the very act, as it were, of swindling her
betrothed!”

Mrs. Mulville stared.  “Oh I suppose Mr. Anvoy has scarcely gone
bankrupt—or whatever he has done—on purpose.  Very likely they won’t be
able to keep it up, but there it was, and it was a very beautiful
impulse.”

“You say Saltram was very fine?”

“Beyond everything.  He surprised even me.”

“And I know what you’ve enjoyed.”  After a moment I added: “Had he
peradventure caught a glimpse of the money in the table-drawer?”

At this my companion honestly flushed.  “How can you be so cruel when you
know how little he calculates?”

“Forgive me, I do know it.  But you tell me things that act on my nerves.
I’m sure he hadn’t caught a glimpse of anything but some splendid idea.”

Mrs. Mulville brightly concurred.  “And perhaps even of her beautiful
listening face.”

“Perhaps even!  And what was it all about?”

“His talk?  It was apropos of her engagement, which I had told him about:
the idea of marriage, the philosophy, the poetry, the sublimity of it.”
It was impossible wholly to restrain one’s mirth at this, and some rude
ripple that I emitted again caused my companion to admonish me.  “It
sounds a little stale, but you know his freshness.”

“Of illustration?  Indeed I do!”

“And how he has always been right on that great question.”

“On what great question, dear lady, hasn’t he been right?”

“Of what other great men can you equally say it?—and that he has never,
but never, had a deflexion?” Mrs. Mulville exultantly demanded.

I tried to think of some other great man, but I had to give it up.
“Didn’t Miss Anvoy express her satisfaction in any less diffident way
than by her charming present?” I was reduced to asking instead.

“Oh yes, she overflowed to me on the steps while he was getting into the
carriage.”  These words somehow brushed up a picture of Saltram’s big
shawled back as he hoisted himself into the green landau.  “She said she
wasn’t disappointed,” Adelaide pursued.

I turned it over.  “Did he wear his shawl?”

“His shawl?”  She hadn’t even noticed.

“I mean yours.”

“He looked very nice, and you know he’s really clean.  Miss Anvoy used
such a remarkable expression—she said his mind’s like a crystal!”

I pricked up my ears.  “A crystal?”

“Suspended in the moral world—swinging and shining and flashing there.
She’s monstrously clever, you know.”

I thought again.  “Monstrously!”




VIII


GEORGE GRAVENER didn’t follow her, for late in September, after the House
had risen, I met him in a railway-carriage.  He was coming up from
Scotland and I had just quitted some relations who lived near Durham.
The current of travel back to London wasn’t yet strong; at any rate on
entering the compartment I found he had had it for some time to himself.
We fared in company, and though he had a blue-book in his lap and the
open jaws of his bag threatened me with the white teeth of confused
papers, we inevitably, we even at last sociably conversed.  I saw things
weren’t well with him, but I asked no question till something dropped by
himself made, as it had made on another occasion, an absence of curiosity
invidious.  He mentioned that he was worried about his good old friend
Lady Coxon, who, with her niece likely to be detained some time in
America, lay seriously ill at Clockborough, much on his mind and on his
hands.

“Ah Miss Anvoy’s in America?”

“Her father has got into horrid straits—has lost no end of money.”

I waited, after expressing due concern, but I eventually said: “I hope
that raises no objection to your marriage.”

“None whatever; moreover it’s my trade to meet objections.  But it may
create tiresome delays, of which there have been too many, from various
causes, already.  Lady Coxon got very bad, then she got much better.
Then Mr. Anvoy suddenly began to totter, and now he seems quite on his
back.  I’m afraid he’s really in for some big reverse.  Lady Coxon’s
worse again, awfully upset by the news from America, and she sends me
word that she _must_ have Ruth.  How can I supply her with Ruth?  I
haven’t got Ruth myself!”

“Surely you haven’t lost her?” I returned.

“She’s everything to her wretched father.  She writes me every
post—telling me to smooth her aunt’s pillow.  I’ve other things to
smooth; but the old lady, save for her servants, is really alone.  She
won’t receive her Coxon relations—she’s angry at so much of her money
going to them.  Besides, she’s hopelessly mad,” said Gravener very
frankly.

I don’t remember whether it was this, or what it was, that made me ask if
she hadn’t such an appreciation of Mrs. Saltram as might render that
active person of some use.

He gave me a cold glance, wanting to know what had put Mrs. Saltram into
my head, and I replied that she was unfortunately never out of it.  I
happened to remember the wonderful accounts she had given me of the
kindness Lady Coxon had shown her.  Gravener declared this to be false;
Lady Coxon, who didn’t care for her, hadn’t seen her three times.  The
only foundation for it was that Miss Anvoy, who used, poor girl, to chuck
money about in a manner she must now regret, had for an hour seen in the
miserable woman—you could never know what she’d see in people—an
interesting pretext for the liberality with which her nature overflowed.
But even Miss Anvoy was now quite tired of her.  Gravener told me more
about the crash in New York and the annoyance it had been to him, and we
also glanced here and there in other directions; but by the time we got
to Doncaster the principal thing he had let me see was that he was
keeping something back.  We stopped at that station, and, at the
carriage-door, some one made a movement to get in.  Gravener uttered a
sound of impatience, and I felt sure that but for this I should have had
the secret.  Then the intruder, for some reason, spared us his company;
we started afresh, and my hope of a disclosure returned.  My companion
held his tongue, however, and I pretended to go to sleep; in fact I
really dozed for discouragement.  When I reopened my eyes he was looking
at me with an injured air.  He tossed away with some vivacity the remnant
of a cigarette and then said: “If you’re not too sleepy I want to put you
a case.”  I answered that I’d make every effort to attend, and welcomed
the note of interest when he went on: “As I told you a while ago, Lady
Coxon, poor dear, is demented.”  His tone had much behind it—was full of
promise.  I asked if her ladyship’s misfortune were a trait of her malady
or only of her character, and he pronounced it a product of both.  The
case he wanted to put to me was a matter on which it concerned him to
have the impression—the judgement, he might also say—of another person.
“I mean of the average intelligent man, but you see I take what I can
get.” There would be the technical, the strictly legal view; then there
would be the way the question would strike a man of the world.  He had
lighted another cigarette while he talked, and I saw he was glad to have
it to handle when he brought out at last, with a laugh slightly
artificial: “In fact it’s a subject on which Miss Anvoy and I are pulling
different ways.”

“And you want me to decide between you?  I decide in advance for Miss
Anvoy.”

“In advance—that’s quite right.  That’s how I decided when I proposed to
her.  But my story will interest you only so far as your mind isn’t made
up.”  Gravener puffed his cigarette a minute and then continued: “Are you
familiar with the idea of the Endowment of Research?”

“Of Research?” I was at sea a moment.

“I give you Lady Coxon’s phrase.  She has it on the brain.”

“She wishes to endow—?”

“Some earnest and ‘loyal’ seeker,” Gravener said.  “It was a sketchy
design of her late husband’s, and he handed it on to her; setting apart
in his will a sum of money of which she was to enjoy the interest for
life, but of which, should she eventually see her opportunity—the matter
was left largely to her discretion—she would best honour his memory by
determining the exemplary public use.  This sum of money, no less than
thirteen thousand pounds, was to be called The Coxon Fund; and poor Sir
Gregory evidently proposed to himself that The Coxon Fund should cover
his name with glory—be universally desired and admired.  He left his wife
a full declaration of his views, so far at least as that term may be
applied to views vitiated by a vagueness really infantine.  A little
learning’s a dangerous thing, and a good citizen who happens to have been
an ass is worse for a community than bad sewerage.  He’s worst of all
when he’s dead, because then he can’t be stopped.  However, such as they
were, the poor man’s aspirations are now in his wife’s bosom, or
fermenting rather in her foolish brain: it lies with her to carry them
out.  But of course she must first catch her hare.”

“Her earnest loyal seeker?”

“The flower that blushes unseen for want of such a pecuniary independence
as may aid the light that’s in it to shine upon the human race.  The
individual, in a word, who, having the rest of the machinery, the
spiritual, the intellectual, is most hampered in his search.”

“His search for what?”

“For Moral Truth.  That’s what Sir Gregory calls it.”

I burst out laughing.  “Delightful munificent Sir Gregory!  It’s a
charming idea.”

“So Miss Anvoy thinks.”

“Has she a candidate for the Fund?”

“Not that I know of—and she’s perfectly reasonable about it.  But Lady
Coxon has put the matter before her, and we’ve naturally had a lot of
talk.”

“Talk that, as you’ve so interestingly intimated, has landed you in a
disagreement.”

“She considers there’s something in it,” Gravener said.

“And you consider there’s nothing?”

“It seems to me a piece of solemn twaddle—which can’t fail to be attended
with consequences certainly grotesque and possibly immoral.  To begin
with, fancy constituting an endowment without establishing a tribunal—a
bench of competent people, of judges.”

“The sole tribunal is Lady Coxon?”

“And any one she chooses to invite.”

“But she has invited you,” I noted.

“I’m not competent—I hate the thing.  Besides, she hasn’t,” my friend
went on.  “The real history of the matter, I take it, is that the
inspiration was originally Lady Coxon’s own, that she infected him with
it, and that the flattering option left her is simply his tribute to her
beautiful, her aboriginal enthusiasm.  She came to England forty years
ago, a thin transcendental Bostonian, and even her odd happy frumpy
Clockborough marriage never really materialised her.  She feels indeed
that she has become very British—as if that, as a process, as a ‘Werden,’
as anything but an original sign of grace, were conceivable; but it’s
precisely what makes her cling to the notion of the ‘Fund’—cling to it as
to a link with the ideal.”

“How can she cling if she’s dying?”

“Do you mean how can she act in the matter?” Gravener asked.  “That’s
precisely the question.  She can’t!  As she has never yet caught her
hare, never spied out her lucky impostor—how should she, with the life
she has led?—her husband’s intention has come very near lapsing.  His
idea, to do him justice, was that it _should_ lapse if exactly the right
person, the perfect mixture of genius and chill penury, should fail to
turn up.  Ah the poor dear woman’s very particular—she says there must be
no mistake.”

I found all this quite thrilling—I took it in with avidity.  “And if she
dies without doing anything, what becomes of the money?” I demanded.

“It goes back to his family, if she hasn’t made some other disposition of
it.”

“She may do that then—she may divert it?”

“Her hands are not tied.  She has a grand discretion.  The proof is that
three months ago she offered to make the proceeds over to her niece.”

“For Miss Anvoy’s own use?”

“For Miss Anvoy’s own use—on the occasion of her prospective marriage.
She was discouraged—the earnest seeker required so earnest a search.  She
was afraid of making a mistake; every one she could think of seemed
either not earnest enough or not poor enough.  On the receipt of the
first bad news about Mr. Anvoy’s affairs she proposed to Ruth to make the
sacrifice for her.  As the situation in New York got worse she repeated
her proposal.”

“Which Miss Anvoy declined?”

“Except as a formal trust.”

“You mean except as committing herself legally to place the money?”

“On the head of the deserving object, the great man frustrated,” said
Gravener.  “She only consents to act in the spirit of Sir Gregory’s
scheme.”

“And you blame her for that?” I asked with some intensity.

My tone couldn’t have been harsh, but he coloured a little and there was
a queer light in his eye.  “My dear fellow, if I ‘blamed’ the young lady
I’m engaged to I shouldn’t immediately say it even to so old a friend as
you.”  I saw that some deep discomfort, some restless desire to be sided
with, reassuringly, approvingly mirrored, had been at the bottom of his
drifting so far, and I was genuinely touched by his confidence.  It was
inconsistent with his habits; but being troubled about a woman was not,
for him, a habit: that itself was an inconsistency.  George Gravener
could stand straight enough before any other combination of forces.  It
amused me to think that the combination he had succumbed to had an
American accent, a transcendental aunt and an insolvent father; but all
my old loyalty to him mustered to meet this unexpected hint that I could
help him.  I saw that I could from the insincere tone in which he
pursued: “I’ve criticised her of course, I’ve contended with her, and it
has been great fun.”  Yet it clearly couldn’t have been such great fun as
to make it improper for me presently to ask if Miss Anvoy had nothing at
all settled on herself.  To this he replied that she had only a trifle
from her mother—a mere four hundred a year, which was exactly why it
would be convenient to him that she shouldn’t decline, in the face of
this total change in her prospects, an accession of income which would
distinctly help them to marry.  When I enquired if there were no other
way in which so rich and so affectionate an aunt could cause the weight
of her benevolence to be felt, he answered that Lady Coxon was
affectionate indeed, but was scarcely to be called rich.  She could let
her project of the Fund lapse for her niece’s benefit, but she couldn’t
do anything else.  She had been accustomed to regard her as tremendously
provided for, and she was up to her eyes in promises to anxious Coxons.
She was a woman of an inordinate conscience, and her conscience was now a
distress to her, hovering round her bed in irreconcilable forms of
resentful husbands, portionless nieces and undiscoverable philosophers.

We were by this time getting into the whirr of fleeting platforms, the
multiplication of lights.  “I think you’ll find,” I said with a laugh,
“that your predicament will disappear in the very fact that the
philosopher _is_ undiscoverable.”

He began to gather up his papers.  “Who can set a limit to the ingenuity
of an extravagant woman?”

“Yes, after all, who indeed?” I echoed as I recalled the extravagance
commemorated in Adelaide’s anecdote of Miss Anvoy and the thirty pounds.




IX


THE thing I had been most sensible of in that talk with George Gravener
was the way Saltram’s name kept out of it.  It seemed to me at the time
that we were quite pointedly silent about him; but afterwards it appeared
more probable there had been on my companion’s part no conscious
avoidance.  Later on I was sure of this, and for the best of reasons—the
simple reason of my perceiving more completely that, for evil as well as
for good, he said nothing to Gravener’s imagination.  That honest man
didn’t fear him—he was too much disgusted with him.  No more did I,
doubtless, and for very much the same reason.  I treated my friend’s
story as an absolute confidence; but when before Christmas, by Mrs.
Saltram, I was informed of Lady Coxon’s death without having had news of
Miss Anvoy’s return, I found myself taking for granted we should hear no
more of these nuptials, in which, as obscurely unnatural, I now saw I had
never _too_ disconcertedly believed.  I began to ask myself how people
who suited each other so little could please each other so much.  The
charm was some material charm, some afffinity, exquisite doubtless, yet
superficial some surrender to youth and beauty and passion, to force and
grace and fortune, happy accidents and easy contacts.  They might dote on
each other’s persons, but how could they know each other’s souls?  How
could they have the same prejudices, how could they have the same
horizon?  Such questions, I confess, seemed quenched but not answered
when, one day in February, going out to Wimbledon, I found our young lady
in the house.  A passion that had brought her back across the wintry
ocean was as much of a passion as was needed.  No impulse equally strong
indeed had drawn George Gravener to America; a circumstance on which,
however, I reflected only long enough to remind myself that it was none
of my business.  Ruth Anvoy was distinctly different, and I felt that the
difference was not simply that of her marks of mourning.  Mrs. Mulville
told me soon enough what it was: it was the difference between a handsome
girl with large expectations and a handsome girl with only four hundred a
year.  This explanation indeed didn’t wholly content me, not even when I
learned that her mourning had a double cause—learned that poor Mr. Anvoy,
giving way altogether, buried under the ruins of his fortune and leaving
next to nothing, had died a few weeks before.

“So she has come out to marry George Gravener?” I commented.  “Wouldn’t
it have been prettier of him to have saved her the trouble?”

“Hasn’t the House just met?” Adelaide replied.  “And for Mr. Gravener the
House—!”  Then she added: “I gather that her having come is exactly a
sign that the marriage is a little shaky.  If it were quite all right a
self-respecting girl like Ruth would have waited for him over there.”

I noted that they were already Ruth and Adelaide, but what I said was:
“Do you mean she’ll have had to return to _make_ it so?”

“No, I mean that she must have come out for some reason independent of
it.”  Adelaide could only surmise, however, as yet, and there was more,
as we found, to be revealed.  Mrs. Mulville, on hearing of her arrival,
had brought the young lady out in the green landau for the Sunday.  The
Coxons were in possession of the house in Regent’s Park, and Miss Anvoy
was in dreary lodgings.  George Gravener had been with her when Adelaide
called, but had assented graciously enough to the little visit at
Wimbledon.  The carriage, with Mr. Saltram in it but not mentioned, had
been sent off on some errand from which it was to return and pick the
ladies up.  Gravener had left them together, and at the end of an hour,
on the Saturday afternoon, the party of three had driven out to
Wimbledon.  This was the girl’s second glimpse of our great man, and I
was interested in asking Mrs. Mulville if the impression made by the
first appeared to have been confirmed.  On her replying after
consideration, that of course with time and opportunity it couldn’t fail
to be, but that she was disappointed, I was sufficiently struck with her
use of this last word to question her further.

“Do you mean you’re disappointed because you judge Miss Anvoy to be?”

“Yes; I hoped for a greater effect last evening.  We had two or three
people, but he scarcely opened his mouth.”

“He’ll be all the better to-night,” I opined after a moment.  Then I
pursued: “What particular importance do you attach to the idea of her
being impressed?”

Adelaide turned her mild pale eyes on me as for rebuke of my levity.
“Why the importance of her being as happy as _we_ are!”

I’m afraid that at this my levity grew.  “Oh that’s a happiness almost
too great to wish a person!”  I saw she hadn’t yet in her mind what I had
in mine, and at any rate the visitor’s actual bliss was limited to a walk
in the garden with Kent Mulville.  Later in the afternoon I also took
one, and I saw nothing of Miss Anvoy till dinner, at which we failed of
the company of Saltram, who had caused it to be reported that he was
indisposed and lying down.  This made us, most of us—for there were other
friends present—convey to each other in silence some of the unutterable
things that in those years our eyes had inevitably acquired the art of
expressing.  If a fine little American enquirer hadn’t been there we
would have expressed them otherwise, and Adelaide would have pretended
not to hear.  I had seen her, before the very fact, abstract herself
nobly; and I knew that more than once, to keep it from the servants,
managing, dissimulating cleverly, she had helped her husband to carry him
bodily to his room.  Just recently he had been so wise and so deep and so
high that I had begun to get nervous—to wonder if by chance there were
something behind it, if he were kept straight for instance by the
knowledge that the hated Pudneys would have more to tell us if they
chose.  He was lying low, but unfortunately it was common wisdom with us
in this connexion that the biggest splashes took place in the quietest
pools.  We should have had a merry life indeed if all the splashes had
sprinkled us as refreshingly as the waters we were even then to feel
about our ears.  Kent Mulville had been up to his room, but had come back
with a face that told as few tales as I had seen it succeed in telling on
the evening I waited in the lecture-room with Miss Anvoy.  I said to
myself that our friend had gone out, but it was a comfort that the
presence of a comparative stranger deprived us of the dreary duty of
suggesting to each other, in respect of his errand, edifying
possibilities in which we didn’t ourselves believe.  At ten o’clock he
came into the drawing-room with his waistcoat much awry but his eyes
sending out great signals.  It was precisely with his entrance that I
ceased to be vividly conscious of him.  I saw that the crystal, as I had
called it, had begun to swing, and I had need of my immediate attention
for Miss Anvoy.

Even when I was told afterwards that he had, as we might have said
to-day, broken the record, the manner in which that attention had been
rewarded relieved me of a sense of loss.  I had of course a perfect
general consciousness that something great was going on: it was a little
like having been etherised to hear Herr Joachim play.  The old music was
in the air; I felt the strong pulse of thought, the sink and swell, the
flight, the poise, the plunge; but I knew something about one of the
listeners that nobody else knew, and Saltram’s monologue could reach me
only through that medium.  To this hour I’m of no use when, as a witness,
I’m appealed to—for they still absurdly contend about it—as to whether or
no on that historic night he was drunk; and my position is slightly
ridiculous, for I’ve never cared to tell them what it really was I was
taken up with.  What I got out of it is the only morsel of the total
experience that is quite my own.  The others were shared, but this is
incommunicable.  I feel that now, I’m bound to say, even in thus roughly
evoking the occasion, and it takes something from my pride of clearness.
However, I shall perhaps be as clear as is absolutely needful if I remark
that our young lady was too much given up to her own intensity of
observation to be sensible of mine.  It was plainly not the question of
her marriage that had brought her back.  I greatly enjoyed this discovery
and was sure that had that question alone been involved she would have
stirred no step.  In this case doubtless Gravener would, in spite of the
House of Commons, have found means to rejoin her.  It afterwards made me
uncomfortable for her that, alone in the lodging Mrs. Mulville had put
before me as dreary, she should have in any degree the air of waiting for
her fate; so that I was presently relieved at hearing of her having gone
to stay at Coldfield.  If she was in England at all while the engagement
stood the only proper place for her was under Lady Maddock’s wing.  Now
that she was unfortunate and relatively poor, perhaps her prospective
sister-in-law would be wholly won over.

There would be much to say, if I had space, about the way her behaviour,
as I caught gleams of it, ministered to the image that had taken birth in
my mind, to my private amusement, while that other night I listened to
George Gravener in the railway-carriage.  I watched her in the light of
this queer possibility—a formidable thing certainly to meet—and I was
aware that it coloured, extravagantly perhaps, my interpretation of her
very looks and tones.  At Wimbledon for instance it had appeared to me
she was literally afraid of Saltram, in dread of a coercion that she had
begun already to feel.  I had come up to town with her the next day and
had been convinced that, though deeply interested, she was immensely on
her guard.  She would show as little as possible before she should be
ready to show everything.  What this final exhibition might be on the
part of a girl perceptibly so able to think things out I found it great
sport to forecast.  It would have been exciting to be approached by her,
appealed to by her for advice; but I prayed to heaven I mightn’t find
myself in such a predicament.  If there was really a present rigour in
the situation of which Gravener had sketched for me the elements, she
would have to get out of her difficulty by herself.  It wasn’t I who had
launched her and it wasn’t I who could help her.  I didn’t fail to ask
myself why, since I couldn’t help her, I should think so much about her.
It was in part my suspense that was responsible for this; I waited
impatiently to see whether she wouldn’t have told Mrs. Mulville a portion
at least of what I had learned from Gravener.  But I saw Mrs. Mulville
was still reduced to wonder what she had come out again for if she hadn’t
come as a conciliatory bride.  That she had come in some other character
was the only thing that fitted all the appearances.  Having for family
reasons to spend some time that spring in the west of England, I was in a
manner out of earshot of the great oceanic rumble—I mean of the
continuous hum of Saltram’s thought—and my uneasiness tended to keep me
quiet.  There was something I wanted so little to have to say that my
prudence surmounted my curiosity.  I only wondered if Ruth Anvoy talked
over the idea of The Coxon Fund with Lady Maddock, and also somewhat why
I didn’t hear from Wimbledon.  I had a reproachful note about something
or other from Mrs. Saltram, but it contained no mention of Lady Coxon’s
niece, on whom her eyes had been much less fixed since the recent
untoward events.




X


POOR Adelaide’s silence was fully explained later—practically explained
when in June, returning to London, I was honoured by this admirable woman
with an early visit.  As soon as she arrived I guessed everything, and as
soon as she told me that darling Ruth had been in her house nearly a
month I had my question ready.  “What in the name of maidenly modesty is
she staying in England for?”

“Because she loves me so!” cried Adelaide gaily.  But she hadn’t come to
see me only to tell me Miss Anvoy loved her: that was quite sufficiently
established, and what was much more to the point was that Mr. Gravener
had now raised an objection to it.  He had protested at least against her
being at Wimbledon, where in the innocence of his heart he had originally
brought her himself; he called on her to put an end to their engagement
in the only proper, the only happy manner.

“And why in the world doesn’t she do do?” I asked.

Adelaide had a pause.  “She says you know.”

Then on my also hesitating she added: “A condition he makes.”

“The Coxon Fund?” I panted.

“He has mentioned to her his having told you about it.”

“Ah but so little!  Do you mean she has accepted the trust?”

“In the most splendid spirit—as a duty about which there can be no two
opinions.”  To which my friend added: “Of course she’s thinking of Mr.
Saltram.”

I gave a quick cry at this, which, in its violence, made my visitor turn
pale.  “How very awful!”

“Awful?”

“Why, to have anything to do with such an idea one’s self.”

“I’m sure _you_ needn’t!” and Mrs. Mulville tossed her head.

“He isn’t good enough!” I went on; to which she opposed a sound almost as
contentious as my own had been.  This made me, with genuine immediate
horror, exclaim: “You haven’t influenced her, I hope!” and my emphasis
brought back the blood with a rush to poor Adelaide’s face.  She declared
while she blushed—for I had frightened her again—that she had never
influenced anybody and that the girl had only seen and heard and judged
for herself.  _He_ had influenced her, if I would, as he did every one
who had a soul: that word, as we knew, even expressed feebly the power of
the things he said to haunt the mind.  How could she, Adelaide, help it
if Miss Anvoy’s mind was haunted?  I demanded with a groan what right a
pretty girl engaged to a rising M.P. had to _have_ a mind; but the only
explanation my bewildered friend could give me was that she was so
clever.  She regarded Mr. Saltram naturally as a tremendous force for
good.  She was intelligent enough to understand him and generous enough
to admire.

“She’s many things enough, but is she, among them, rich enough?” I
demanded.  “Rich enough, I mean, to sacrifice such a lot of good money?”

“That’s for herself to judge.  Besides, it’s not her own money; she
doesn’t in the least consider it so.”

“And Gravener does, if not _his_ own; and that’s the whole difficulty?”

“The difficulty that brought her back, yes: she had absolutely to see her
poor aunt’s solicitor.  It’s clear that by Lady Coxon’s will she may have
the money, but it’s still clearer to her conscience that the original
condition, definite, intensely implied on her uncle’s part, is attached
to the use of it.  She can only take one view of it.  It’s for the
Endowment or it’s for nothing.”

“The Endowment,” I permitted myself to observe, “is a conception
superficially sublime, but fundamentally ridiculous.”

“Are you repeating Mr. Gravener’s words?” Adelaide asked.

“Possibly, though I’ve not seen him for months.  It’s simply the way it
strikes me too.  It’s an old wife’s tale.  Gravener made some reference
to the legal aspect, but such an absurdly loose arrangement has _no_
legal aspect.”

“Ruth doesn’t insist on that,” said Mrs. Mulville; “and it’s, for her,
exactly this technical weakness that constitutes the force of the moral
obligation.”

“Are you repeating _her_ words?” I enquired.  I forget what else Adelaide
said, but she said she was magnificent.  I thought of George Gravener
confronted with such magnificence as that, and I asked what could have
made two such persons ever suppose they understood each other.  Mrs.
Mulville assured me the girl loved him as such a woman could love and
that she suffered as such a woman could suffer.  Nevertheless she wanted
to see _me_.  At this I sprang up with a groan.  “Oh I’m so sorry!—when?”
Small though her sense of humour, I think Adelaide laughed at my
sequence.  We discussed the day, the nearest it would be convenient I
should come out; but before she went I asked my visitor how long she had
been acquainted with these prodigies.

“For several weeks, but I was pledged to secrecy.”

“And that’s why you didn’t write?”

“I couldn’t very well tell you she was with me without telling you that
no time had even yet been fixed for her marriage.  And I couldn’t very
well tell you as much as that without telling you what I knew of the
reason of it.  It was not till a day or two ago,” Mrs. Mulville went on,
“that she asked me to ask you if you wouldn’t come and see her.  Then at
last she spoke of your knowing about the idea of the Endowment.”

I turned this over.  “Why on earth does she want to see me?”

“To talk with you, naturally, about Mr. Saltram.”

“As a subject for the prize?”  This was hugely obvious, and I presently
returned: “I think I’ll sail to-morrow for Australia.”

“Well then—sail!” said Mrs. Mulville, getting up.

But I frivolously, continued.  “On Thursday at five, we said?”  The
appointment was made definite and I enquired how, all this time, the
unconscious candidate had carried himself.

“In perfection, really, by the happiest of chances: he has positively
been a dear.  And then, as to what we revere him for, in the most
wonderful form.  His very highest—pure celestial light.  You _won’t_ do
him an ill turn?” Adelaide pleaded at the door.

“What danger can equal for him the danger to which he’s exposed from
himself?” I asked.  “Look out sharp, if he has lately been too prim.
He’ll presently take a day off, treat us to some exhibition that will
make an Endowment a scandal.”

“A scandal?” Mrs. Mulville dolorously echoed.

“Is Miss Anvoy prepared for that?”

My visitor, for a moment, screwed her parasol into my carpet.  “He grows
bigger every day.”

“So do you!” I laughed as she went off.

That girl at Wimbledon, on the Thursday afternoon, more than justified my
apprehensions.  I recognised fully now the cause of the agitation she had
produced in me from the first—the faint foreknowledge that there was
something very stiff I should have to do for her.  I felt more than ever
committed to my fate as, standing before her in the big drawing-room
where they had tactfully left us to ourselves, I tried with a smile to
string together the pearls of lucidity which, from her chair, she
successively tossed me.  Pale and bright, in her monotonous mourning, she
was an image of intelligent purpose, of the passion of duty; but I asked
myself whether any girl had ever had so charming an instinct as that
which permitted her to laugh out, as for the joy of her difficulty, into
the priggish old room.  This remarkable young woman could be earnest
without being solemn, and at moments when I ought doubtless to have
cursed her obstinacy I found myself watching the unstudied play of her
eyebrows or the recurrence of a singularly intense whiteness produced by
the parting of her lips.  These aberrations, I hasten to add, didn’t
prevent my learning soon enough why she had wished to see me.  Her reason
for this was as distinct as her beauty: it was to make me explain what I
had meant, on the occasion of our first meeting, by Mr. Saltram’s want of
dignity.  It wasn’t that she couldn’t imagine, but she desired it there
from my lips.  What she really desired of course was to know whether
there was worse about him than what she had found out for herself.  She
hadn’t been a month so much in the house with him without discovering
that he wasn’t a man of monumental bronze.  He was like a jelly minus its
mould, he had to be embanked; and that was precisely the source of her
interest in him and the ground of her project.  She put her project
boldly before me: there it stood in its preposterous beauty.  She was as
willing to take the humorous view of it as I could be: the only
difference was that for her the humorous view of a thing wasn’t
necessarily prohibitive, wasn’t paralysing.

Moreover she professed that she couldn’t discuss with me the primary
question—the moral obligation: that was in her own breast.  There were
things she couldn’t go into—injunctions, impressions she had received.
They were a part of the closest intimacy of her intercourse with her
aunt, they were absolutely clear to her; and on questions of delicacy,
the interpretation of a fidelity, of a promise, one had always in the
last resort to make up one’s mind for one’s self.  It was the idea of the
application to the particular case, such a splendid one at last, that
troubled her, and she admitted that it stirred very deep things.  She
didn’t pretend that such a responsibility was a simple matter; if it
_had_ been she wouldn’t have attempted to saddle me with any portion of
it.  The Mulvilles were sympathy itself, but were they absolutely candid?
Could they indeed be, in their position—would it even have been to be
desired?  Yes, she had sent for me to ask no less than that of me—whether
there was anything dreadful kept back.  She made no allusion whatever to
George Gravener—I thought her silence the only good taste and her gaiety
perhaps a part of the very anxiety of that discretion, the effect of a
determination that people shouldn’t know from herself that her relations
with the man she was to marry were strained.  All the weight, however,
that she left me to throw was a sufficient implication of the weight _he_
had thrown in vain.  Oh she knew the question of character was immense,
and that one couldn’t entertain any plan for making merit comfortable
without running the gauntlet of that terrible procession of
interrogation-points which, like a young ladies’ school out for a walk,
hooked their uniform noses at the tail of governess Conduct.  But were we
absolutely to hold that there was never, never, never an exception,
never, never, never an occasion for liberal acceptance, for clever
charity, for suspended pedantry—for letting one side, in short,
outbalance another?  When Miss Anvoy threw off this appeal I could have
embraced her for so delightfully emphasising her unlikeness to Mrs.
Saltram.  “Why not have the courage of one’s forgiveness,” she asked, “as
well as the enthusiasm of one’s adhesion?”

“Seeing how wonderfully you’ve threshed the whole thing out,” I evasively
replied, “gives me an extraordinary notion of the point your enthusiasm
has reached.”

She considered this remark an instant with her eyes on mine, and I
divined that it struck her I might possibly intend it as a reference to
some personal subjection to our fat philosopher, to some aberration of
sensibility, some perversion of taste.  At least I couldn’t interpret
otherwise the sudden flash that came into her face.  Such a
manifestation, as the result of any word of mine, embarrassed me; but
while I was thinking how to reassure her the flush passed away in a smile
of exquisite good nature.  “Oh you see one forgets so wonderfully how one
dislikes him!” she said; and if her tone simply extinguished his strange
figure with the brush of its compassion, it also rings in my ear to-day
as the purest of all our praises.  But with what quick response of fine
pity such a relegation of the man himself made me privately sigh “Ah poor
Saltram!”  She instantly, with this, took the measure of all I didn’t
believe, and it enabled her to go on: “What can one do when a person has
given such a lift to one’s interest in life?”

“Yes, what can one do?”  If I struck her as a little vague it was because
I was thinking of another person.  I indulged in another inarticulate
murmur—“Poor George Gravener!”  What had become of the lift _he_ had
given that interest?  Later on I made up my mind that she was sore and
stricken at the appearance he presented of wanting the miserable money.
This was the hidden reason of her alienation.  The probable sincerity, in
spite of the illiberality, of his scruples about the particular use of it
under discussion didn’t efface the ugliness of his demand that they
should buy a good house with it.  Then, as for _his_ alienation, he
didn’t, pardonably enough, grasp the lift Frank Saltram had given her
interest in life.  If a mere spectator could ask that last question, with
what rage in his heart the man himself might!  He wasn’t, like her, I was
to see, too proud to show me why he was disappointed.




XI


I WAS unable this time to stay to dinner: such at any rate was the plea
on which I took leave.  I desired in truth to get away from my young
lady, for that obviously helped me not to pretend to satisfy her.  How
_could_ I satisfy her?  I asked myself—how could I tell her how much had
been kept back?  I didn’t even know and I certainly didn’t desire to
know.  My own policy had ever been to learn the least about poor
Saltram’s weaknesses—not to learn the most.  A great deal that I had in
fact learned had been forced upon me by his wife.  There was something
even irritating in Miss Anvoy’s crude conscientiousness, and I wondered
why, after all, she couldn’t have let him alone and been content to
entrust George Gravener with the purchase of the good house.  I was sure
he would have driven a bargain, got something excellent and cheap.  I
laughed louder even than she, I temporised, I failed her; I told her I
must think over her case.  I professed a horror of responsibilities and
twitted her with her own extravagant passion for them.  It wasn’t really
that I was afraid of the scandal, the moral discredit for the Fund; what
troubled me most was a feeling of a different order.  Of course, as the
beneficiary of the Fund was to enjoy a simple life-interest, as it was
hoped that new beneficiaries would arise and come up to new standards, it
wouldn’t be a trifle that the first of these worthies shouldn’t have been
a striking example of the domestic virtues.  The Fund would start badly,
as it were, and the laurel would, in some respects at least, scarcely be
greener from the brows of the original wearer.  That idea, however, was
at that hour, as I have hinted, not the source of solicitude it ought
perhaps to have been, for I felt less the irregularity of Saltram’s
getting the money than that of this exalted young woman’s giving it up.
I wanted her to have it for herself, and I told her so before I went
away.  She looked graver at this than she had looked at all, saying she
hoped such a preference wouldn’t make me dishonest.

It made me, to begin with, very restless—made me, instead of going
straight to the station, fidget a little about that many-coloured Common
which gives Wimbledon horizons.  There was a worry for me to work off, or
rather keep at a distance, for I declined even to admit to myself that I
had, in Miss Anvoy’s phrase, been saddled with it.  What could have been
clearer indeed than the attitude of recognising perfectly what a world of
trouble The Coxon Fund would in future save us, and of yet liking better
to face a continuance of that trouble than see, and in fact contribute
to, a deviation from attainable bliss in the life of two other persons in
whom I was deeply interested?  Suddenly, at the end of twenty minutes,
there was projected across this clearness the image of a massive
middle-aged man seated on a bench under a tree, with sad far-wandering
eyes and plump white hands folded on the head of a stick—a stick I
recognised, a stout gold-headed staff that I had given him in devoted
days.  I stopped short as he turned his face to me, and it happened that
for some reason or other I took in as I had perhaps never done before the
beauty of his rich blank gaze.  It was charged with experience as the sky
is charged with light, and I felt on the instant as if we had been
overspanned and conjoined by the great arch of a bridge or the great dome
of a temple.  Doubtless I was rendered peculiarly sensitive to it by
something in the way I had been giving him up and sinking him.  While I
met it I stood there smitten, and I felt myself responding to it with a
sort of guilty grimace.  This brought back his attention in a smile which
expressed for me a cheerful weary patience, a bruised noble gentleness.
I had told Miss Anvoy that he had no dignity, but what did he seem to me,
all unbuttoned and fatigued as he waited for me to come up, if he didn’t
seem unconcerned with small things, didn’t seem in short majestic?  There
was majesty in his mere unconsciousness of our little conferences and
puzzlements over his maintenance and his reward.

After I had sat by him a few minutes I passed my arm over his big soft
shoulder—wherever you touched him you found equally little firmness—and
said in a tone of which the suppliance fell oddly on my own ear: “Come
back to town with me, old friend—come back and spend the evening.”  I
wanted to hold him, I wanted to keep him, and at Waterloo, an hour later,
I telegraphed possessively to the Mulvilles.  When he objected, as
regards staying all night, that he had no things, I asked him if he
hadn’t everything of mine.  I had abstained from ordering dinner, and it
was too late for preliminaries at a club; so we were reduced to tea and
fried fish at my rooms—reduced also to the transcendent.  Something had
come up which made me want him to feel at peace with me—and which,
precisely, was all the dear man himself wanted on any occasion.  I had
too often had to press upon him considerations irrelevant, but it gives
me pleasure now to think that on that particular evening I didn’t even
mention Mrs. Saltram and the children.  Late into the night we smoked and
talked; old shames and old rigours fell away from us; I only let him see
that I was conscious of what I owed him.  He was as mild as contrition
and as copious as faith; he was never so fine as on a shy return, and
even better at forgiving than at being forgiven.  I dare say it was a
smaller matter than that famous night at Wimbledon, the night of the
problematical sobriety and of Miss Anvoy’s initiation; but I was as much
in it on this occasion as I had been out of it then.  At about 1.30 he
was sublime.

He never, in whatever situation, rose till all other risings were over,
and his breakfasts, at Wimbledon, had always been the principal reason
mentioned by departing cooks.  The coast was therefore clear for me to
receive her when, early the next morning, to my surprise, it was
announced to me his wife had called.  I hesitated, after she had come up,
about telling her Saltram was in the house, but she herself settled the
question, kept me reticent by drawing forth a sealed letter which,
looking at me very hard in the eyes, she placed, with a pregnant absence
of comment, in my hand.  For a single moment there glimmered before me
the fond hope that Mrs. Saltram had tendered me, as it were, her
resignation and desired to embody the act in an unsparing form.  To bring
this about I would have feigned any humiliation; but after my eyes had
caught the superscription I heard myself say with a flatness that
betrayed a sense of something very different from relief: “Oh the
Pudneys!”  I knew their envelopes though they didn’t know mine.  They
always used the kind sold at post-offices with the stamp affixed, and as
this letter hadn’t been posted they had wasted a penny on me.  I had seen
their horrid missives to the Mulvilles, but hadn’t been in direct
correspondence with them.

“They enclosed it to me, to be delivered.  They doubtless explain to you
that they hadn’t your address.”

I turned the thing over without opening it.  “Why in the world should
they write to me?”

“Because they’ve something to tell you.  The worst,” Mrs. Saltram dryly
added.

It was another chapter, I felt, of the history of their lamentable
quarrel with her husband, the episode in which, vindictively,
disingenuously as they themselves had behaved, one had to admit that he
had put himself more grossly in the wrong than at any moment of his life.
He had begun by insulting the matchless Mulvilles for these more specious
protectors, and then, according to his wont at the end of a few months,
had dug a still deeper ditch for his aberration than the chasm left
yawning behind.  The chasm at Wimbledon was now blessedly closed; but the
Pudneys, across their persistent gulf, kept up the nastiest fire.  I
never doubted they had a strong case, and I had been from the first for
not defending him—reasoning that if they weren’t contradicted they’d
perhaps subside.  This was above all what I wanted, and I so far
prevailed that I did arrest the correspondence in time to save our little
circle an infliction heavier than it perhaps would have borne.  I knew,
that is I divined, that their allegations had gone as yet only as far as
their courage, conscious as they were in their own virtue of an exposed
place in which Saltram could have planted a blow.  It was a question with
them whether a man who had himself so much to cover up would dare his
blow; so that these vessels of rancour were in a manner afraid of each
other.  I judged that on the day the Pudneys should cease for some reason
or other to be afraid they would treat us to some revelation more
disconcerting than any of its predecessors.  As I held Mrs. Saltram’s
letter in my hand it was distinctly communicated to me that the day had
come—they had ceased to be afraid.  “I don’t want to know the worst,” I
presently declared.

“You’ll have to open the letter.  It also contains an enclosure.”

I felt it—it was fat and uncanny.  “Wheels within wheels!” I exclaimed.
“There’s something for me too to deliver.”

“So they tell me—to Miss Anvoy.”

I stared; I felt a certain thrill.  “Why don’t they send it to her
directly?”

Mrs. Saltram hung fire.  “Because she’s staying with Mr. and Mrs.
Mulville.”

“And why should that prevent?”

Again my visitor faltered, and I began to reflect on the grotesque, the
unconscious perversity of her action.  I was the only person save George
Gravener and the Mulvilles who was aware of Sir Gregory Coxon’s and of
Miss Anvoy’s strange bounty.  Where could there have been a more signal
illustration of the clumsiness of human affairs than her having
complacently selected this moment to fly in the face of it?  “There’s the
chance of their seeing her letters.  They know Mr. Pudney’s hand.”

Still I didn’t understand; then it flashed upon me.  “You mean they might
intercept it?  How can you imply anything so base?” I indignantly
demanded.

“It’s not I—it’s Mr. Pudney!” cried Mrs. Saltram with a flush.  “It’s his
own idea.”

“Then why couldn’t he send the letter to you to be delivered?”

Mrs. Saltram’s embarrassment increased; she gave me another hard look.
“You must make that out for yourself.”

I made it out quickly enough.  “It’s a denunciation?”

“A real lady doesn’t betray her husband!” this virtuous woman exclaimed.

I burst out laughing, and I fear my laugh may have had an effect of
impertinence.  “Especially to Miss Anvoy, who’s so easily shocked? Why do
such things concern _her_?” I asked, much at a loss.

“Because she’s there, exposed to all his craft.  Mr. and Mrs. Pudney have
been watching this: they feel she may be taken in.”

“Thank you for all the rest of us!  What difference can it make when she
has lost her power to contribute?”

Again Mrs. Saltram considered; then very nobly: “There are other things
in the world than money.”  This hadn’t occurred to her so long as the
young lady had any; but she now added, with a glance at my letter, that
Mr. and Mrs. Pudney doubtless explained their motives.  “It’s all in
kindness,” she continued as she got up.

“Kindness to Miss Anvoy?  You took, on the whole, another view of
kindness before her reverses.”

My companion smiled with some acidity “Perhaps you’re no safer than the
Mulvilles!”

I didn’t want her to think that, nor that she should report to the
Pudneys that they had not been happy in their agent; and I well remember
that this was the moment at which I began, with considerable emotion, to
promise myself to enjoin upon Miss Anvoy never to open any letter that
should come to her in one of those penny envelopes.  My emotion, and I
fear I must add my confusion, quickly deepened; I presently should have
been as glad to frighten Mrs. Saltram as to think I might by some
diplomacy restore the Pudneys to a quieter vigilance.

“It’s best you should take _my_ view of my safety,” I at any rate soon
responded.  When I saw she didn’t know what I meant by this I added: “You
may turn out to have done, in bringing me this letter, a thing you’ll
profoundly regret.”  My tone had a significance which, I could see, did
make her uneasy, and there was a moment, after I had made two or three
more remarks of studiously bewildering effect, at which her eyes followed
so hungrily the little flourish of the letter with which I emphasised
them that I instinctively slipped Mr. Pudney’s communication into my
pocket.  She looked, in her embarrassed annoyance, capable of grabbing it
to send it back to him.  I felt, after she had gone, as if I had almost
given her my word I wouldn’t deliver the enclosure.  The passionate
movement, at any rate, with which, in solitude, I transferred the whole
thing, unopened, from my pocket to a drawer which I double-locked would
have amounted, for an initiated observer, to some such pledge.




XII


MRS. SALTRAM left me drawing my breath more quickly and indeed almost in
pain—as if I had just perilously grazed the loss of something precious.
I didn’t quite know what it was—it had a shocking resemblance to my
honour.  The emotion was the livelier surely in that my pulses even yet
vibrated to the pleasure with which, the night before, I had rallied to
the rare analyst, the great intellectual adventurer and pathfinder.  What
had dropped from me like a cumbersome garment as Saltram appeared before
me in the afternoon on the heath was the disposition to haggle over his
value.  Hang it, one had to choose, one had to put that value somewhere;
so I would put it really high and have done with it.  Mrs. Mulville drove
in for him at a discreet hour—the earliest she could suppose him to have
got up; and I learned that Miss Anvoy would also have come had she not
been expecting a visit from Mr. Gravener.  I was perfectly mindful that I
was under bonds to see this young lady, and also that I had a letter to
hand to her; but I took my time, I waited from day to day.  I left Mrs.
Saltram to deal as her apprehensions should prompt with the Pudneys.  I
knew at last what I meant—I had ceased to wince at my responsibility.  I
gave this supreme impression of Saltram time to fade if it would; but it
didn’t fade, and, individually, it hasn’t faded even now.  During the
month that I thus invited myself to stiffen again, Adelaide Mulville,
perplexed by my absence, wrote to me to ask why I _was_ so stiff.  At
that season of the year I was usually oftener “with” them.  She also
wrote that she feared a real estrangement had set in between Mr. Gravener
and her sweet young friend—a state of things but half satisfactory to her
so long as the advantage resulting to Mr. Saltram failed to disengage
itself from the merely nebulous state.  She intimated that her sweet
young friend was, if anything, a trifle too reserved; she also intimated
that there might now be an opening for another clever young man.  There
never was the slightest opening, I may here parenthesise, and of course
the question can’t come up to-day.  These are old frustrations now.  Ruth
Anvoy hasn’t married, I hear, and neither have I.  During the month,
toward the end, I wrote to George Gravener to ask if, on a special
errand, I might come to see him, and his answer was to knock the very
next day at my door.  I saw he had immediately connected my enquiry with
the talk we had had in the railway-carriage, and his promptitude showed
that the ashes of his eagerness weren’t yet cold.  I told him there was
something I felt I ought in candour to let him know—I recognised the
obligation his friendly confidence had laid on me.

“You mean Miss Anvoy has talked to you?  She has told me so herself,” he
said.

“It wasn’t to tell you so that I wanted to see you,” I replied; “for it
seemed to me that such a communication would rest wholly with herself.
If however she did speak to you of our conversation she probably told you
I was discouraging.”

“Discouraging?”

“On the subject of a present application of The Coxon Fund.”

“To the case of Mr. Saltram?  My dear fellow, I don’t know what you call
discouraging!” Gravener cried.

“Well I thought I was, and I thought she thought I was.”

“I believe she did, but such a thing’s measured by the effect.  She’s not
‘discouraged,’” he said.

“That’s her own affair.  The reason I asked you to see me was that it
appeared to me I ought to tell you frankly that—decidedly!—I can’t
undertake to produce that effect.  In fact I don’t want to!”

“It’s very good of you, damn you!” my visitor laughed, red and really
grave.  Then he said: “You’d like to see that scoundrel publicly
glorified—perched on the pedestal of a great complimentary pension?”

I braced myself.  “Taking one form of public recognition with another it
seems to me on the whole I should be able to bear it.  When I see the
compliments that _are_ paid right and left I ask myself why this one
shouldn’t take its course.  This therefore is what you’re entitled to
have looked to me to mention to you.  I’ve some evidence that perhaps
would be really dissuasive, but I propose to invite Mss Anvoy to remain
in ignorance of it.”

“And to invite me to do the same?”

“Oh you don’t require it—you’ve evidence enough.  I speak of a sealed
letter that I’ve been requested to deliver to her.”

“And you don’t mean to?”

“There’s only one consideration that would make me,” I said.

Gravener’s clear handsome eyes plunged into mine a minute, but evidently
without fishing up a clue to this motive—a failure by which I was almost
wounded.  “What does the letter contain?”

“It’s sealed, as I tell you, and I don’t know what it contains.”

“Why is it sent through you?”

“Rather than you?” I wondered how to put the thing.  “The only
explanation I can think of is that the person sending it may have
imagined your relations with Miss Anvoy to be at an end—may have been
told this is the case by Mrs. Saltram.”

“My relations with Miss Anvoy are not at an end,” poor Gravener
stammered.

Again for an instant I thought.  “The offer I propose to make you gives
me the right to address you a question remarkably direct.  Are you still
engaged to Miss Anvoy?”

“No, I’m not,” he slowly brought out.  “But we’re perfectly good
friends.”

“Such good friends that you’ll again become prospective husband and wife
if the obstacle in your path be removed?”

“Removed?” he anxiously repeated.

“If I send Miss Anvoy the letter I speak of she may give up her idea.”

“Then for God’s sake send it!”

“I’ll do so if you’re ready to assure me that her sacrifice would now
presumably bring about your marriage.”

“I’d marry her the next day!” my visitor cried.

“Yes, but would she marry _you_?  What I ask of you of course is nothing
less than your word of honour as to your conviction of this.  If you give
it me,” I said, “I’ll engage to hand her the letter before night.”

Gravener took up his hat; turning it mechanically round he stood looking
a moment hard at its unruffled perfection.  Then very angrily honestly
and gallantly, “Hand it to the devil!” he broke out; with which he
clapped the hat on his head and left me.

“Will you read it or not?” I said to Ruth Anvoy, at Wimbledon, when I had
told her the story of Mrs. Saltram’s visit.

She debated for a time probably of the briefest, but long enough to make
me nervous.  “Have you brought it with you?”

“No indeed.  It’s at home, locked up.”

There was another great silence, and then she said “Go back and destroy
it.”

I went back, but I didn’t destroy it till after Saltram’s death, when I
burnt it unread.  The Pudneys approached her again pressingly, but,
prompt as they were, The Coxon Fund had already become an operative
benefit and a general amaze: Mr. Saltram, while we gathered about, as it
were, to watch the manna descend, had begun to draw the magnificent
income.  He drew it as he had always drawn everything, with a grand
abstracted gesture.  Its magnificence, alas, as all the world now knows,
quite quenched him; it was the beginning of his decline.  It was also
naturally a new grievance for his wife, who began to believe in him as
soon as he was blighted, and who at this hour accuses us of having bribed
him, on the whim of a meddlesome American, to renounce his glorious
office, to become, as she says, like everybody else.  The very day he
found himself able to publish he wholly ceased to produce.  This deprived
us, as may easily be imagined, of much of our occupation, and especially
deprived the Mulvilles, whose want of self-support I never measured till
they lost their great inmate.  They’ve no one to live on now.  Adelaide’s
most frequent reference to their destitution is embodied in the remark
that dear far-away Ruth’s intentions were doubtless good.  She and Kent
are even yet looking for another prop, but no one presents a true sphere
of usefulness.  They complain that people are self-sufficing.  With
Saltram the fine type of the child of adoption was scattered, the
grander, the elder style.  They’ve got their carriage back, but what’s an
empty carriage?  In short I think we were all happier as well as poorer
before; even including George Gravener, who by the deaths of his brother
and his nephew has lately become Lord Maddock.  His wife, whose fortune
clears the property, is criminally dull; he hates being in the Upper
House, and hasn’t yet had high office.  But what are these accidents,
which I should perhaps apologise for mentioning, in the light of the
great eventual boon promised the patient by the rate at which The Coxon
Fund must be rolling up?
Answers: ['He is a guest in the home of the Mulvilles.']
Length: 22692
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: qasper
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: How is the ground truth for fake news established?
Context: 10pt
1.10pt
[ Characterizing Political Fake News in Twitter by its Meta-DataJulio Amador Díaz LópezAxel Oehmichen Miguel Molina-Solana( j.amador, axelfrancois.oehmichen11, mmolinas@imperial.ac.uk ) Imperial College London This article presents a preliminary approach towards characterizing political fake news on Twitter through the analysis of their meta-data. In particular, we focus on more than 1.5M tweets collected on the day of the election of Donald Trump as 45th president of the United States of America. We use the meta-data embedded within those tweets in order to look for differences between tweets containing fake news and tweets not containing them. Specifically, we perform our analysis only on tweets that went viral, by studying proxies for users' exposure to the tweets, by characterizing accounts spreading fake news, and by looking at their polarization. We found significant differences on the distribution of followers, the number of URLs on tweets, and the verification of the users.
]
Introduction
While fake news, understood as deliberately misleading pieces of information, have existed since long ago (e.g. it is not unusual to receive news falsely claiming the death of a celebrity), the term reached the mainstream, particularly so in politics, during the 2016 presidential election in the United States BIBREF0 . Since then, governments and corporations alike (e.g. Google BIBREF1 and Facebook BIBREF2 ) have begun efforts to tackle fake news as they can affect political decisions BIBREF3 . Yet, the ability to define, identify and stop fake news from spreading is limited.
Since the Obama campaign in 2008, social media has been pervasive in the political arena in the United States. Studies report that up to 62% of American adults receive their news from social media BIBREF4 . The wide use of platforms such as Twitter and Facebook has facilitated the diffusion of fake news by simplifying the process of receiving content with no significant third party filtering, fact-checking or editorial judgement. Such characteristics make these platforms suitable means for sharing news that, disguised as legit ones, try to confuse readers.
Such use and their prominent rise has been confirmed by Craig Silverman, a Canadian journalist who is a prominent figure on fake news BIBREF5 : “In the final three months of the US presidential campaign, the top-performing fake election news stories on Facebook generated more engagement than the top stories from major news outlet”.
Our current research hence departs from the assumption that social media is a conduit for fake news and asks the question of whether fake news (as spam was some years ago) can be identified, modelled and eventually blocked. In order to do so, we use a sample of more that 1.5M tweets collected on November 8th 2016 —election day in the United States— with the goal of identifying features that tweets containing fake news are likely to have. As such, our paper aims to provide a preliminary characterization of fake news in Twitter by looking into meta-data embedded in tweets. Considering meta-data as a relevant factor of analysis is in line with findings reported by Morris et al. BIBREF6 . We argue that understanding differences between tweets containing fake news and regular tweets will allow researchers to design mechanisms to block fake news in Twitter.
Specifically, our goals are: 1) compare the characteristics of tweets labelled as containing fake news to tweets labelled as not containing them, 2) characterize, through their meta-data, viral tweets containing fake news and the accounts from which they originated, and 3) determine the extent to which tweets containing fake news expressed polarized political views.
For our study, we used the number of retweets to single-out those that went viral within our sample. Tweets within that subset (viral tweets hereafter) are varied and relate to different topics. We consider that a tweet contains fake news if its text falls within any of the following categories described by Rubin et al. BIBREF7 (see next section for the details of such categories): serious fabrication, large-scale hoaxes, jokes taken at face value, slanted reporting of real facts and stories where the truth is contentious. The dataset BIBREF8 , manually labelled by an expert, has been publicly released and is available to researchers and interested parties.
From our results, the following main observations can be made:
Our findings resonate with similar work done on fake news such as the one from Allcot and Gentzkow BIBREF9 . Therefore, even if our study is a preliminary attempt at characterizing fake news on Twitter using only their meta-data, our results provide external validity to previous research. Moreover, our work not only stresses the importance of using meta-data, but also underscores which parameters may be useful to identify fake news on Twitter.
The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The next section briefly discusses where this work is located within the literature on fake news and contextualizes the type of fake news we are studying. Then, we present our hypotheses, the data, and the methodology we follow. Finally, we present our findings, conclusions of this study, and future lines of work.
Defining Fake news
Our research is connected to different strands of academic knowledge related to the phenomenon of fake news. In relation to Computer Science, a recent survey by Conroy and colleagues BIBREF10 identifies two popular approaches to single-out fake news. On the one hand, the authors pointed to linguistic approaches consisting in using text, its linguistic characteristics and machine learning techniques to automatically flag fake news. On the other, these researchers underscored the use of network approaches, which make use of network characteristics and meta-data, to identify fake news.
With respect to social sciences, efforts from psychology, political science and sociology, have been dedicated to understand why people consume and/or believe misinformation BIBREF11 , BIBREF12 , BIBREF13 , BIBREF14 . Most of these studies consistently reported that psychological biases such as priming effects and confirmation bias play an important role in people ability to discern misinformation.
In relation to the production and distribution of fake news, a recent paper in the field of Economics BIBREF9 found that most fake news sites use names that resemble those of legitimate organizations, and that sites supplying fake news tend to be short-lived. These authors also noticed that fake news items are more likely shared than legitimate articles coming from trusted sources, and they tend to exhibit a larger level of polarization.
The conceptual issue of how to define fake news is a serious and unresolved issue. As the focus of our work is not attempting to offer light on this, we will rely on work by other authors to describe what we consider as fake news. In particular, we use the categorization provided by Rubin et al. BIBREF7 . The five categories they described, together with illustrative examples from our dataset, are as follows:
Research Hypotheses
Previous works on the area (presented in the section above) suggest that there may be important determinants for the adoption and diffusion of fake news. Our hypotheses builds on them and identifies three important dimensions that may help distinguishing fake news from legit information:
Taking those three dimensions into account, we propose the following hypotheses about the features that we believe can help to identify tweets containing fake news from those not containing them. They will be later tested over our collected dataset.
Exposure.
Characterization.
Polarization.
Data and Methodology
For this study, we collected publicly available tweets using Twitter's public API. Given the nature of the data, it is important to emphasize that such tweets are subject to Twitter's terms and conditions which indicate that users consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, and disclosure of data. Therefore, we do not expect ethical, legal, or social implications from the usage of the tweets. Our data was collected using search terms related to the presidential election held in the United States on November 8th 2016. Particularly, we queried Twitter's streaming API, more precisely the filter endpoint of the streaming API, using the following hashtags and user handles: #MyVote2016, #ElectionDay, #electionnight, @realDonaldTrump and @HillaryClinton. The data collection ran for just one day (Nov 8th 2016).
One straightforward way of sharing information on Twitter is by using the retweet functionality, which enables a user to share a exact copy of a tweet with his followers. Among the reasons for retweeting, Body et al. BIBREF15 reported the will to: 1) spread tweets to a new audience, 2) to show one’s role as a listener, and 3) to agree with someone or validate the thoughts of others. As indicated, our initial interest is to characterize tweets containing fake news that went viral (as they are the most harmful ones, as they reach a wider audience), and understand how it differs from other viral tweets (that do not contain fake news). For our study, we consider that a tweet went viral if it was retweeted more than 1000 times.
Once we have the dataset of viral tweets, we eliminated duplicates (some of the tweets were collected several times because they had several handles) and an expert manually inspected the text field within the tweets to label them as containing fake news, or not containing them (according to the characterization presented before). This annotated dataset BIBREF8 is publicly available and can be freely reused.
Finally, we use the following fields within tweets (from the ones returned by Twitter's API) to compare their distributions and look for differences between viral tweets containing fake news and viral tweets not containing fake news:
In the following section, we provide graphical descriptions of the distribution of each of the identified attributes for the two sets of tweets (those labelled as containing fake news and those labelled as not containing them). Where appropriate, we normalized and/or took logarithms of the data for better representation. To gain a better understanding of the significance of those differences, we use the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test with the null hypothesis that both distributions are equal.
Results
The sample collected consisted on 1 785 855 tweets published by 848 196 different users. Within our sample, we identified 1327 tweets that went viral (retweeted more than 1000 times by the 8th of November 2016) produced by 643 users. Such small subset of viral tweets were retweeted on 290 841 occasions in the observed time-window.
The 1327 `viral' tweets were manually annotated as containing fake news or not. The annotation was carried out by a single person in order to obtain a consistent annotation throughout the dataset. Out of those 1327 tweets, we identified 136 as potentially containing fake news (according to the categories previously described), and the rest were classified as `non containing fake news'. Note that the categorization is far from being perfect given the ambiguity of fake news themselves and human judgement involved in the process of categorization. Because of this, we do not claim that this dataset can be considered a ground truth.
The following results detail characteristics of these tweets along the previously mentioned dimensions. Table TABREF23 reports the actual differences (together with their associated p-values) of the distributions of viral tweets containing fake news and viral tweets not containing them for every variable considered.
Exposure
Figure FIGREF24 shows that, in contrast to other kinds of viral tweets, those containing fake news were created more recently. As such, Twitter users were exposed to fake news related to the election for a shorter period of time.
However, in terms of retweets, Figure FIGREF25 shows no apparent difference between containing fake news or not containing them. That is confirmed by the Kolmogorov-Smirnoff test, which does not discard the hypothesis that the associated distributions are equal.
In relation to the number of favourites, users that generated at least a viral tweet containing fake news appear to have, on average, less favourites than users that do not generate them. Figure FIGREF26 shows the distribution of favourites. Despite the apparent visual differences, the difference are not statistically significant.
Finally, the number of hashtags used in viral fake news appears to be larger than those in other viral tweets. Figure FIGREF27 shows the density distribution of the number of hashtags used. However, once again, we were not able to find any statistical difference between the average number of hashtags in a viral tweet and the average number of hashtags in viral fake news.
Characterization
We found that 82 users within our sample were spreading fake news (i.e. they produced at least one tweet which was labelled as fake news). Out of those, 34 had verified accounts, and the rest were unverified. From the 48 unverified accounts, 6 have been suspended by Twitter at the date of writing, 3 tried to imitate legitimate accounts of others, and 4 accounts have been already deleted. Figure FIGREF28 shows the proportion of verified accounts to unverified accounts for viral tweets (containing fake news vs. not containing fake news). From the chart, it is clear that there is a higher chance of fake news coming from unverified accounts.
Turning to friends, accounts distributing fake news appear to have, on average, the same number of friends than those distributing tweets with no fake news. However, the density distribution of friends from the accounts (Figure FIGREF29 ) shows that there is indeed a statistically significant difference in their distributions.
If we take into consideration the number of followers, accounts generating viral tweets with fake news do have a very different distribution on this dimension, compared to those accounts generating viral tweets with no fake news (see Figure FIGREF30 ). In fact, such differences are statistically significant.
A useful representation for friends and followers is the ratio between friends/followers. Figures FIGREF31 and FIGREF32 show this representation. Notice that accounts spreading viral tweets with fake news have, on average, a larger ratio of friends/followers. The distribution of those accounts not generating fake news is more evenly distributed.
With respect to the number of mentions, Figure FIGREF33 shows that viral tweets labelled as containing fake news appear to use mentions to other users less frequently than viral tweets not containing fake news. In other words, tweets containing fake news mostly contain 1 mention, whereas other tweets tend to have two). Such differences are statistically significant.
The analysis (Figure FIGREF34 ) of the presence of media in the tweets in our dataset shows that tweets labelled as not containing fake news appear to present more media elements than those labelled as fake news. However, the difference is not statistically significant.
On the other hand, Figure FIGREF35 shows that viral tweets containing fake news appear to include more URLs to other sites than viral tweets that do not contain fake news. In fact, the difference between the two distributions is statistically significant (assuming INLINEFORM0 ).
Polarization
Finally, manual inspection of the text field of those viral tweets labelled as containing fake news shows that 117 of such tweets expressed support for Donald Trump, while only 8 supported Hillary Clinton. The remaining tweets contained fake news related to other topics, not expressing support for any of the candidates.
Discussion
As a summary, and constrained by our existing dataset, we made the following observations regarding differences between viral tweets labelled as containing fake news and viral tweets labelled as not containing them:
These findings (related to our initial hypothesis in Table TABREF44 ) clearly suggest that there are specific pieces of meta-data about tweets that may allow the identification of fake news. One such parameter is the time of exposure. Viral tweets containing fake news are shorter-lived than those containing other type of content. This notion seems to resonate with our findings showing that a number of accounts spreading fake news have already been deleted or suspended by Twitter by the time of writing. If one considers that researchers using different data have found similar results BIBREF9 , it appears that the lifetime of accounts, together with the age of the questioned viral content could be useful to identify fake news. In the light of this finding, accounts newly created should probably put under higher scrutiny than older ones. This in fact, would be a nice a-priori bias for a Bayesian classifier.
Accounts spreading fake news appear to have a larger proportion of friends/followers (i.e. they have, on average, the same number of friends but a smaller number of followers) than those spreading viral content only. Together with the fact that, on average, tweets containing fake news have more URLs than those spreading viral content, it is possible to hypothesize that, both, the ratio of friends/followers of the account producing a viral tweet and number of URLs contained in such a tweet could be useful to single-out fake news in Twitter. Not only that, but our finding related to the number of URLs is in line with intuitions behind the incentives to create fake news commonly found in the literature BIBREF9 (in particular that of obtaining revenue through click-through advertising).
Finally, it is interesting to notice that the content of viral fake news was highly polarized. This finding is also in line with those of Alcott et al. BIBREF9 . This feature suggests that textual sentiment analysis of the content of tweets (as most researchers do), together with the above mentioned parameters from meta-data, may prove useful for identifying fake news.
Conclusions
With the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, the concept of fake news has become a broadly-known phenomenon that is getting tremendous attention from governments and media companies. We have presented a preliminary study on the meta-data of a publicly available dataset of tweets that became viral during the day of the 2016 US presidential election. Our aim is to advance the understanding of which features might be characteristic of viral tweets containing fake news in comparison with viral tweets without fake news.
We believe that the only way to automatically identify those deceitful tweets (i.e. containing fake news) is by actually understanding and modelling them. Only then, the automation of the processes of tagging and blocking these tweets can be successfully performed. In the same way that spam was fought, we anticipate fake news will suffer a similar evolution, with social platforms implementing tools to deal with them. With most works so far focusing on the actual content of the tweets, ours is a novel attempt from a different, but also complementary, angle.
Within the used dataset, we found there are differences around exposure, characteristics of accounts spreading fake news and the tone of the content. Those findings suggest that it is indeed possible to model and automatically detect fake news. We plan to replicate and validate our experiments in an extended sample of tweets (until 4 months after the US election), and tests the predictive power of the features we found relevant within our sample.
Author Disclosure Statement
No competing financial interest exist.
Answers: ['Ground truth is not established in the paper']
Length: 3141
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: multifieldqa_en
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: What is the name of the most active fan club?
Context: Football Club Urartu (, translated Futbolayin Akumb Urartu), commonly known as Urartu, is an Armenian professional football team based in the capital Yerevan that currently plays in the Armenian Premier League. The club won the Armenian Cup three times, in 1992, 2007 and 2016. In 2013–2014, they won the Armenian Premier League for the first time in their history.

In early 2016, the Russia-based Armenian businessman Dzhevan Cheloyants became a co-owner of the club after purchasing the major part of the club shares. The club was known as FC Banants until 1 August 2019, when it was officially renamed FC Urartu.

History

Kotayk
Urartu FC were founded as FC Banants by Sarkis Israelyan on 21 January 1992 in the village of Kotayk, representing the Kotayk Province. He named the club after his native village of Banants (currently known as Bayan). Between 1992 and 1995, the club was commonly referred to as Banants Kotayk. During the 1992 season, the club won the first Armenian Cup. At the end of the 1995 transitional season, Banants suffered a financial crisis. The club owners decided that it was better to merge the club with FC Kotayk of Abovyan, rather than disband it. In 2001, Banants demerged from FC Kotayk, and was moved from Abovyan to the capital Yerevan.

Yerevan

FC Banants was relocated to Yerevan in 2001. At the beginning of 2003, Banants merged with FC Spartak Yerevan, but was able to limit the name of the new merger to FC Banants. Spartak became Banants's youth academy and later changed the name to Banants-2. Because of the merger, Banants acquired many players from Spartak Yerevan, including Samvel Melkonyan. After the merger, Banants took a more serious approach and have finished highly in the league table ever since. The club managed to lift the Armenian Cup in 2007.
Experience is making way for youth for the 2008 and 2009 seasons. The departures of most of the experienced players have left the club's future to the youth. Along with two Ukrainian players, Ugandan international, Noah Kasule, has been signed.

The club headquarters are located on Jivani Street 2 of the Malatia-Sebastia District, Yerevan.

Domestic

European

Stadium

The construction of the Banants Stadium was launched in 2006 in the Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan, with the assistance of the FIFA goal programme. It was officially opened in 2008 with a capacity of 3,600 seats. Further developments were implemented later in 2011, when the playing pitch was modernized and the capacity of the stadium was increased up to 4,860 seats (2,760 at the northern stand, 1,500 at the southern stand and 600 at the western stand).

Training centre/academy
Banants Training Centre is the club's academy base located in the Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan. In addition to the main stadium, the centre houses 3 full-size training pitches, mini football pitches as well as an indoor facility. The current technical director of the academy is the former Russian footballer Ilshat Faizulin.

Fans
The most active group of fans is the South West Ultras fan club, mainly composed of residents from several neighbourhoods within the Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan, since the club is a de facto representer of the district. Members of the fan club benefit from events organized by the club and many facilities of the Banants training centre, such as the mini football pitch, the club store and other entertainments.

Achievements
 Armenian Premier League
 Winner (1): 2013–14.
 Runner-up (5): 2003, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2018.

 Armenian Cup
 Winner (3): 1992, 2007, 2016.
 Runner-up (6): 2003, 2004, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2021–22

 Armenian Supercup
 Winner (1): 2014.
 Runner-up (5): 2004, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2016.

Current squad

Out on loan

Personnel

Technical staff

Management

Urartu-2

FC Banants' reserve squad play as FC Banants-2 in the Armenian First League. They play their home games at the training field with artificial turf of the Urartu Training Centre.

Managerial history
 Varuzhan Sukiasyan (1992–94)
 Poghos Galstyan (July 1, 1996 – June 30, 1998)
 Oganes Zanazanyan (2001–05)
 Ashot Barseghyan (2005–06)
 Nikolay Kiselyov (2006–07)
 Jan Poštulka (2007)
 Nikolay Kostov (July 1, 2007 – April 8, 2008)
 Nedelcho Matushev (April 8, 2008 – June 30, 2008)
 Kim Splidsboel (2008)
 Armen Gyulbudaghyants (Jan 1, 2009 – Dec 1, 2009)
 Ashot Barseghyan (interim) (2009)
 Stevica Kuzmanovski (Jan 1, 2010 – Dec 31, 2010)
 Rafael Nazaryan (Jan 1, 2011 – Jan 15, 2012)
 Volodymyr Pyatenko (Jan 17, 2013 – June 30, 2013)
 Zsolt Hornyák (July 1, 2013 – May 30, 2015)
 Aram Voskanyan (July 1, 2015 – Oct 11, 2015)
 Tito Ramallo (Oct 12, 2015 – Oct 3, 2016)
 Artur Voskanyan (Oct 3, 2016 – Aug 11, 2018)
 Ilshat Faizulin (Aug 12, 2018 –Nov 24, 2019)
 Aleksandr Grigoryan (Nov 25, 2019 –Mar 10, 2021)
 Robert Arzumanyan (10 March 2021–24 June 2022)
 Dmitri Gunko (27 June 2022–)

References

External links
 Official website 
 Banants at Weltfussball.de  

 
Urartu
Urartu
Urartu
Urartu
Answers: ['South West Ultras fan club.']
Length: 819
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: multifieldqa_zh
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 全国美国文学研究会的第十八届年会在哪所大学举办的？
Context: 全国美国文学研究会
受秘书处委托，由我向美文会会员单位的各位代表简单汇报一下全国美国文学研究会自上届（第十七届）年会召开以来所做的工作。美文会秘书处刚刚完成了教育部社团办“关于在教育部主管社会组织中开展调研工作的通知”中要求提交的“全国美国文学研究会调研报告”（2016年11月），主要内容4项：我想就把我们提交的“调研报告”中1、2两部分中的部分内容，作为我向大会汇报的“全国美国文学研究会2014-2016年工作总结”的内容。
1、研究会现状和基本情况
美文会现有会员单位127个（不招收个人会员），包括国内主要985与211高校，以及中国社科院等科研单位和知名出版社。会长单位是南京大学，副会长单位是南京大学，中国社会科学院，北京外国语大学，北京大学，复旦大学，山东大学，秘书处设在南京大学外国语学院，秘书长、副秘书长是南京大学赵文书、何宁。美文会正式成立于1979年7月，是我国改革开放后成立最早的高校外国文学研究机构。1992年8月18日在民政部正式注册登记，获颁《中华人民共和国社会团体登记证》。美文会挂靠南京大学，财务由南京大学财务处负责，接受南京大学审计处审计，按民政部要求，每年参加年检，年检结果均为“通过”。
美文会秘书处聘有专职秘书，工作人员7人，包括会长，副会长，秘书长，副秘书长，常务理事等。美文会设有党小组，隶属外国语学院英语系党支部，由会长任党小组长，成员包括副会长、常务理事、副秘书长、以及参加秘书处工作的青年教师与博士生。美文会发行《全国美国文学研究会通讯》（CASAL Newsletter），现已刊出33期。美文会每年轮流召开年会和专题研讨会，迄今已经举办17届年会和11届专题研讨会。
2、近两年主要工作和取得的成效
1）上届年会。美文会第十七届年会于2014年10月24日至26日在中国人民大学苏州校区举行，由中国人民大学外国语学院承办。来自全国28个省市自治区175所高等院校、研究所、出版社的348名正式代表参加了该次年会。年会的主题是“全球化语境中的美国文学研究：理论与实践”，收到论文全文164篇，摘要273篇。会议期间，全国美国文学研究会第七届理事会召开第三次会议。会议讨论通过了增补美文会副会长、常务理事、理事、会员单位事宜。会议再次明确，两期不缴纳会费的单位视为自动退出。理事和常务理事连续两次无故不参加理事会会议自动取消理事和常务理事。
2、上届专题研讨会。美文会第十一届专题研讨会于2015年10月23至25日在徐州江苏师范大学举行，由江苏师大外国语学院承办。专题研讨会的主题是“美国文学中的城市”。来自全国21个省市自治区125所高等院校、研究所、出版社的88名正式代表参加了本次研讨会。收到论文全文54篇，论文摘要73篇。会议期间，美文会召开第七届理事会第三次会议，讨论通过了美文会秘书处的提议，增补何宁为理事兼任副秘书长，提请本届年会的理事会确认。
3、业务活动。1）继续举办“全国美国文学研究会学术成果奖”评选。美文会设立此奖项，是为了促进我国美国文学研究的繁荣与发展，每5年评选一次，迄今已经评选3次。第三届成果奖评选出“优秀专著奖”14项，在2015年10月公示，“优秀论文奖”9项，“优秀教材奖”3项，“优秀译作奖”1项。该活动不收取任何费用。2）第十七届美国戏剧研究年会。由南京师范大学外国语学院承办，2015年7月21-22日在南京举办，主题是“20-21世纪之交美国戏剧研究”。
4、年检情况。美文会接受业务主管单位教育部的业务指导和社团管理机关民政部社团的监督管理，执行《民间非营利组织会计制度》，接受南京大学财务处、审计处的管理和督查，接受“江苏兴瑞会计师事务所有限公司”财务审计，结果报教育部、民政部。2015年3月进行年检，编制2015年度美文会工作报告书。8月民政部“中国社会组织网”公布年检结果：“合格”。
2016年11月25日晚，全国美国文学研究会召开理事会，讨论了如下事项。
会议申办：
1. 19届年会（2018，浙江大学）和第12届专题研讨会（2017，河海大学），主题尚没有最终确定。
2. 哈尔滨工业大学申办第20届年会（2020）
新申请理事单位：
1. 中国矿业大学，推荐王丽明副教授担任理事
2. 哈尔滨工业大学，推荐刘克东院长任理事
3. 南京大学，推荐何宁（美文会副秘书长）任理事
会员单位变更：
1. 解放军国际关系学院按照相关要求退出全国美国文学研究会，因此不再常务理事单位，方成教授退出常务理事
2. 对外经贸大学英语学院英美文学研究所长金冰接替孙建秋担任理事
3. 中央民族大学外国语学院朱小琳接替郭英剑担任理事
4. 厦门理工大学张跃军担任理事（原为中南大学常务理事）
5. 上海外语教育出版社孙静接替汪义群担任理事
6. 黑龙江大学推荐徐文培为常务理事
美国族裔文学研究：空间拓展与界域重绘
全国美国文学研究会第十八届年会（2016）纪要
2016年11月25日至28日，全国美国文学研究会第十八届年会在厦门大学举行。本届年会由厦门大学外文学院承办，来自全国各地180余所高等院校、研究所、出版社的296位正式代表参加了会议。大会组委会共收到论文全文127篇、摘要371篇，与会代表围绕大会主题“美国族裔文学研究：空间拓展与界域重绘”（Ethnic Studies in US: Extending Interspace and Redefining Typology）展开了广泛而深入的研讨。
11月25日晚，全国美国文学研究会召开常务理事和理事会，共有23位常务理事和理事出席，理事会主要讨论通过了以下议题：
1. 确认2017年的专题研讨会由河海大学承办，河海大学外国语学院院长蔡斌教授在闭幕式作简单介绍。
2. 确认2018年第十九届年会由浙江大学承办。
3. 因政策变化，解放军国际关系学院退出美文会，方成教授不再担任常务理事。
4. 增补黑龙江大学徐文培教授为常务理事。
5. 增补哈尔滨工业大学（刘克东教授）、北京航空航天大学（田俊武教授）、中国矿业大学（王丽明副教授）、北京联合大学（黄宗英教授）为理事单位，山东大学李保杰教授、对外经济贸易大学金冰教授（接替孙建秋教授）、中央民族大学朱小琳教授（接替郭英剑教授）、上海外语教育出版社孙静（接替汪义群）为理事。
6. 重新明确会员单位申请原则。美文会实行单位会议制，欢迎尚未加入协会的单位申请加入。申请方法和申请表格可以从美文会官网上下载。填写后加盖单位公章邮寄到协会秘书处。美文会秘书处收到入会申请并收到会员费之后即通报理事会并确认会员单位资格。
7. 重新明确理事单位申请条件。第一，理事单位必须是正常缴纳会费的会员单位；第二，原则上需有英语语言文学硕士点；第三，符合以上条件单位可以申请成为美文会理事单位并推荐合适人选担任理事。
8. 理事会决定，在美文会的年会和专题研讨会上评选会议优秀论文并颁发证书。其中，优秀论文仅在向会议提交的论文全文（未发表）中评选；作者所在单位须为美文会员单位，在向会议提交论文时，注明论文未经发表，并注明申请参加会议优秀论文评选；美文会常务理事以上（含）不参加申请。
9. 关于本次年会优秀论文评选：已向会议提交未发表论文全文的会员单位参会代表，在12月15日前，向本会秘书处提交修改后的论文申请评选，本会将在寒假组织评选，在2017年3月公布评选结果并颁发证书。
11月26日上午，本届年会开幕式在厦门大学科艺报告厅举行。厦门大学校长助理张建霖教授，外文学院张龙海院长，全国美国文学研究会会长朱刚教授、副会长盛宁教授、郭继德教授、杨仁敬教授、金莉教授、王守仁教授、张冲教授、申富英教授，秘书长赵文书教授及其他与会代表出席了开幕式。
开幕式由外文学院副院长李美华教授主持。张建霖校长助理首先代表厦门大学对来自全国各地的与会者表示热烈欢迎，并对全国美国文学研究会第十八届年会的顺利召开表示衷心祝贺。外文学院张龙海院长代表承办方致欢迎辞，向与会者介绍了厦大外文学院的人才培养、学术研究等情况，以及年会的准备情况。全国美国文学研究会朱刚会长代表与会人员感谢厦门大学对本届年会的大力支持。朱会长简要回顾了美文会的历史和现状，并向与会代表汇报了研究会自第十七届年会以来的主要工作。最后，朱刚会长感谢全体参会代表及承办方对美文会工作的大力支持和对共同推动美国文学研究所做出的贡献，并对今后的工作提出了殷切希望。
本届年会共分为大会发言、小组讨论、专题研讨（panel discussion）及研究生学术论坛四个部分。11月26日上午的大会发言分别由美文会副会长金莉教授和美文会前副会长、南京大学王守仁教授主持，共有5位代表发言。
中国社科院外国文学研究所盛宁教授的发言题目是《对政治正确的文化批评的再审视》。盛宁教授指出，美国总统大选造成的国内民族分裂愈演愈烈，这一新国情使我国的族裔文学研究更具价值和意义。作为学者我们必须凸显自己的立场和价值判断，对少数族裔文学的审美价值要有清晰的认识。盛教授以第一代华裔作家代表汤婷婷和第二代华裔作家代表哈金为例，评析了两代作家迥异的“政治正确”书写策略。他认为，借助“政治正确”发音的族裔文学的审美价值会很快消失，我们应深刻反思非裔作家的代表――托尼・莫里森――的创作遗产。莫里森不只着眼于描写黑人苦难，更深入探索人性，将黑人作为“人性”的缩影进行刻画，这是她能够进入美国文学传统、流芳传世的重要原因。
复旦大学外文学院张冲教授以《超越族裔：美国族裔文学研究的几点思考》为题，探讨我国当前族裔文学研究面临的困境及出路。张冲教授指出，国内族裔文学研究仍然面临研究角度单一与模仿、研究方法过于“理论导向”、文本“碎片化”释读等问题。他建议可从“族裔文学发展流变史”、“比较族裔文学史”以及“本土裔与中国文学文化比较”等维度，重新思考我国方兴未艾的族裔文学研究，族裔文学研究应努力超越族裔而回归文学，既要思考族裔文学的“族裔性”也需关注其“文学性”。
在《再议作家的族裔身份问题：本质主义与自由选择》的发言中，上海外国语大学虞建华教授以斯图亚特・霍尔对“身份”的定义为出发点，对现有族裔身份的归置基准进行拷问。虞教授强调，在讨论族裔作家文化身份时，我们需聚焦常被忽视的身份的表演性和叙事性，应以社会建构理论为指导思路，走出本质主义，作家的族裔身份在全球化大势下的多元社会，应被看作一个动态、临时、杂糅的建构过程。
南京大学英语系朱雪峰副教授的发言《重组芝加哥：拉图尔ANT理论视阈下的<克莱伯恩公园>》以社会学家布鲁诺・拉图尔的“行动者网络理论”为视角，从“流动的城市”、“行动者网络”、“蚂蚁视角与新现实主义”三个层面审视《克莱伯恩公园》中的芝加哥城市再现。朱教授认为，此剧在美国本土政治正确风潮中的接受悖论正在于它如实近距离描述了芝加哥城市地理在互动中流变的复杂性，其政治相关性在于它没有给出一个关于芝加哥社会的明晰解释或批评，而是通过不断追踪新问题联合来重组社会，以貌似传统的新现实主义风格体现了戏剧价值。
厦门大学外文学院张龙海教授以《美国少数族裔文学研究在中国》为题，向大家勾勒了我国美国族裔文学研究的历史图景。张教授通过大量的文献研究和详细的数据，从研究的规模、研究队伍的状况、期刊报纸的刊登情况以及研究中出现的不平衡等方面详细探析美国少数族裔文学研究在中国的涌现和繁荣发展。
11月26日下午，年会设立23个分会场进行小组讨论。代表们围绕“华裔文学研究新视野”、“亚裔文学研究新视野”、“非裔文学研究新视野”、 “犹太裔文学研究新视野”、“拉美裔文学研究新视野”、“印第安裔文学研究新视野”、“族裔文学与性别研究”、“族裔文学批评理论新动向”、“少数族裔与多元文化”、“族裔文学研究中的中国视角”、“美国文学理论研究与教学”、“美国现代派文学研究”、“早期美国文学研究”等议题，对美国族裔文学展开了多层次全方位的探讨。
第一组（专题讨论：族裔成长小说研究）由方红、芮渝萍主持，发言人有方红（南京大学）“消声、言说与成长：《褐姑娘、褐砖房》研究”；侯金萍（华南农业大学）“华裔美国文学对成长小说的改写与创新”；芮渝萍（宁波大学）“美国华裔成长小说的特点”；谭岸青（暨南大学）“解读任碧莲《世界与小镇》的成长书写”；邹惠玲（江苏师范大学）“《飞逸》：在自省与融合之中成长”。
第二组（华裔文学研究新视野之一）由刘永杰、戴鸿斌主持，发言人有黄明（商丘师范学院）“严歌苓小说《扶桑》对华人形象的颠覆”；霍盛亚（北京外国语大学）“华裔美国科幻作家刘宇昆小说的“复族裔化”倾向”；刘向辉（许昌学院）“谭恩美小说《喜福会》中的文学地图与民族记忆”；刘永杰（郑州大学）“‘秘密’的真相：《蝴蝶君》主人公断袖之谊探析”；史博（华北科技学院）“解读《折纸》中爱的主题”；孙坚（陕西师范大学）“新历史主义关照下的《中国佬》”；颜碧洪（福建师范大学福清分校）“论汤亭亭《中国佬》的后现代主义书写”。
第三组（华裔文学研究新视野之二）由郭栖庆、金衡山主持，发言人有黄一畅（南京航空航天大学）“虚构的权威―《谁是爱尔兰人？》中的叙事伦理之辨”；季峥（重庆工商大学）“华裔美国作家入典原因探究”；金衡山（华东师范大学）“The Puzzling and Enlightening Racial Identity in Who’ s Irish？”；苏娉（中山大学）“论李翊云的非母语写作及其意义”；王芳（中央民族大学）“《无声告白》中的华裔精神生存困境探析”；王增红（厦门大学）“种族冒充、冒充叙事与混血族身份政治―威妮弗蕾德•伊顿新解”；姚红艳（武汉大学）“族群记忆、族群认同与身份建构―《接骨师之女》中的仪式书写”；周凌敏（南方医科大学）“以物为导向的本体论下的后人文主义―以《咸鱼女孩》为例”。
第四组（族裔文学与性别研究之一）由王玉括、田俊武主持，发言人有方小莉（四川大学）“20世纪黑人女性小说叙述策略研究”；李蕊（南京大学）“论《他们眼望上苍》中珍妮的‘生成女性’特质”；毛艳华（浙江大学）“性别‘引用’视域下《秀拉》中女性主体的初现与重构”；隋红升（浙江大学）“汉斯伯里《太阳下的葡萄干》对美国男性气质的反思”；田俊武（北京航空航天大学）“回归之路―托尼•莫里森作品中的旅行叙事”；王玉括（南京邮电大学）“黑人女性主义文学批评述评”；杨艳春（哈尔滨石油学院）“生态女性主义视域下艾丽丝•沃克作品中女性族裔身份的自我认同”；朱海峰（东北师范大学）“父权、女权、后女权―论《钢琴课》中黑人的种族出路”。
第五组（族裔文学与性别研究之二）由张跃军主持，发言人有董秋芳（广东农工商职业技术学院）“美国华裔女性主体身份流变―以华裔女作家英语创作为例”；刘兮颖（华中师范大学）“《卢布林的魔术师》中雅夏的身份危机与伦理选择”；杨静（广东外语外贸大学）“全球化时代的跨国婚姻：《追寻亚裔女性》”；姚丽梅（佳木斯大学）“论邝丽莎在《雪花秘扇》中的女性主义身份伦理观”；张跃军（厦门理工学院）“‘温和的女性主义’：华裔美国诗人陈美玲诗歌解读”；朱骅（上海海洋大学）“跨国主义的美国族裔文学建构”。
第六组（犹太裔文学研究新视野）由刘文松主持，发言人有高莉敏（上海立信会计金融学院）“《末世之城》：大屠杀的历史记忆”；胡选恩（陕西师范大学）“E.L.多克托罗《大进军》中的历史阐释模式”；孔伟（北京外国语大学）“俄国犹太人的‘应许之地’―新移民叙事中的‘发声’策略研究”；刘文松（厦门大学）“美国犹太知识分子小说探秘”；孙璐（上海外国语大学）“菲利普•罗斯《美国牧歌》中的美国民族神话及其当代启示”；张国庆（中国人民大学）“《人性的污秽》的后人道主义解读”；赵永健（浙江工商大学）“国外美国犹太戏剧研究评述”。
第七组（美国后现代派文学研究之一）由陈世丹、刘雪岚主持，发言人有杨仁敬（厦门大学）“略论《时间》与《达洛威夫人》的互文性”；陈世丹（中国人民大学）“后现代文学伦理学批评要义”；曾艳钰（湖南科技大学）“‘流动的爱国主义盛宴’―评美国后现代战争小说”；谷红丽（华南师范大学）“后现代主义历史叙事”；刘雪岚（社会科学院外国文学研究所）“从‘加州三部曲’看托马斯•品钦的后现代城市书写”；方凡（浙江大学）“论威廉•加斯笔下的图像与文字”；王祖友（泰州学院）“后人道主义与人道主义辨析”；陈奔（厦门大学）“美国研究背景下的后现代主义文学研究”；范小玫（厦门大学外）“德里罗小说中的全球化”。
第八组（美国后现代派文学研究之二）由吴泽庆、陈俊松主持，发言人有陈俊松（华东师范大学）“《地下世界》：冷战阴云的文化记忆与后现代恐怖叙事”；许希夷（南京大学）“福尔‘后9/11’小说《特别响，非常近》中的历史叙事”；史菊鸿（兰州大学）“一个城市，两幅画面――库切和詹姆斯对伦敦的不同文学再现”；吴泽庆（中央民族大学）“‘恶魔的诅咒’―欧茨的《被诅咒的》中历史书写”；姚本标（广西师范学院）“《白噪音》的‘风险社会’表征”；栾天宇（南京大学）“《赛姆勒先生的行星》中的记忆伦理与美国20世纪60年代”。
第九组（美国后现代派文学研究之三）由甘文平、杨纪平主持，发言人有甘文平（武汉理工大学）“米歇尔•福柯、共同体、美国越战文学”；崔永光（大连海洋大学）“世界文学史视域中的纳博科夫形象及其创作密码”；范湘萍（上海政法学院）“论‘9.11文学’结构主义叙事中的空间与政治”；林莉（东北师范大学）“论小说《恶棍来访》的空间叙事策略”；刘丹（大连外国语大学）“融合与分裂：《地下世界》中的种族冲突与文化政治”；王程辉（湖南科技大学）“纳博科夫《国王、王后和杰克》与福楼拜《包法利夫人》的互文性”；杨纪平、胡燕（北京邮电大学）“《X战警：第一战》中的族裔观”；张芳芳（上海电力学院）“论纳博科夫小说《普宁》中‘坐错车’的隐喻与流亡主题”；张蓝予（中央民族大学）“文明对话与身份认同：评《恐怖分子》的身份观念”。
第十组（拉美裔文学研究新视野）由李保杰、李毅峰主持，发言人有李保杰（山东大学）“当历史的重负成为过去―《古巴之王》中的‘反流亡’书写”；李毅峰（天津商业大学）“桑德拉•西斯内罗斯对女性原型形象的重新阐释”；乔玲玲（山西大同大学）“芒果街上的奇卡纳游荡者”；涂沙丽（中南民族大学）“论《石化鹿》中的奇卡娜形象”；王绵绵（浙江传媒学院）“加勒比裔美国移民女作家的空间意识及空间策略”。
第十一组（美国文学理论研究与教学）由郭建辉、刘春芳主持，发言人有陈�Q（中央民族大学）“论当代反本质主义文学理论的发生因缘与中国进程”；郭建辉（四川外国语大学期刊社）“英美文学教学与审美教育”；焦敏（广东外语外贸大学）“人文主义与戏剧教学”；刘春芳（山东工商学院）“美国浪漫主义文学中的平民思想”；马特（中央财经大学）“文学批评的空间转向：空间批评的新动向”；许玉军（集美大学）“东方启蒙：西方的‘东方主义’话语”。
第十二组（族裔文学批评理论新动向）由胡铁生、郭英剑主持，发言人有胡铁生（吉林大学）“美国少数族裔文学的演进”；郭英剑（中国人民大学）“2015美国文学：种族，还是种族问题”；洪琪（湖北第二师范学院）“美国华裔戏剧的创伤叙事”；任虎军（四川外国语大学）“性别视阈下新世纪中国的美国族裔小说研究”；王斐（集美大学）“追寻都会中的空间正义：美国非裔城市叙事嬗变初探”。
第十三组（美国现代派文学研究之一）由黄宗英、王跃洪主持，发言人有陈秋红（青岛大学）“亨利•詹姆斯后期小说的进化叙述”；陈喜华（湘潭大学）“菲茨杰拉德的服饰书写与爵士时代美国文化”；黄宗英（北京联合大学）“‘其城/其人，一种身份’：读威廉斯的《帕特森》”；蒋贤萍（西北师范大学）“表演的自我――再读《进入黑夜的漫长旅程》”；李晶（中南财经政法大学）“生存还是生活？：凯瑟《一个迷途的女人》的伦理选择”；陶久胜（南昌大学）“无意识的种族偏见――《上帝的儿女都有翅膀》的心理原型解读”；朱晓萍（贵州大学）“追逐无的欲望――《嘉莉妹妹》的拉康式解读”。
第十四组（美国现代派文学研究之二）由李建波、朴玉主持，发言人有朴玉（吉林大学）“科伦•麦凯恩在《光明这一面》中的城市创伤叙事”；王晓丹（哈尔滨师范大学）“阶层流动的幻灭：《纹身女孩》中的社会身份”；王跃洪、郝天昕（上海理工大学）“福柯凝视理论视角下的亨利•詹姆斯《德莫福夫人》研究”；薛丽（北京师范大学）“《布拉迪默传奇》中矛盾的女性意识形态”；姚学丽（安徽大学）“映射美国南方的‘隐约轮廓’――析《干旱的九月》碎片化叙事”；张金良（天津外国语大学）“哈贝马斯有效沟通视域下《奥利安娜》中的交流困境分析”；张小平（扬州大学）“旅行•幻梦•混沌――论麦卡锡小说《骏马》中的‘奇异吸引子’”。
第十五组（早期美国文学研究）由张和龙、金冰主持，发言人有金冰（对外经贸大学）“美国自然主义文学的进化叙事与伦理想像”；李晋（中南财经政法大学）“19世纪美国文学市场研究综述”；李敏（山东工商学院）“《红字》通奸案的法、罚与霍桑的‘疼痛’书写”；李方木（北京外国语大学）“爱的伪装：《献给爱米丽的玫瑰》中的罗曼司及其多义性”；戚涛（安徽大学）“多数暴政下的碎片――梅尔维尔的价值困惑与身份建构”；张和龙（上海外国语大学）“中国杰克•伦敦研究中的话语模式及其历史嬗变”。
第十六组（非裔文学研究新视野之一）由林元富主持，发言人有陈红（广东外语外贸大学）“‘所有的故事都是真的’―评怀德曼的编史元小说《法农》”；甘婷（集美大学）“第三空间理论视阈下《中间通道》的空间建构”；林元富（福建师范大学）“当代非裔美国涉奴题材小说的历史传承”；刘锦丽（湖北科技学院）“种族歧视下的身份困惑―论切斯纳特小说中的混血儿”；龙跃（湖南师范大学）“兰斯顿•休斯诗歌中的‘黑人性’”；吕春媚（大连外国语大学）“黑白的空间对峙――解读《莱尼大妈的黑臀舞》中的社会空间”；王予霞（集美大学）“美国黑人左翼文学消长的历史启示”；修树新（东北师范大学外国语学院）“论特瑞•麦克米兰小说中爱的主题”；张健然（四川外国语大学）“《他们眼望上苍》中原始性与现代性的背离与融合”。
第十七组（非裔文学研究新视野之二）由徐文培、杜志卿主持，发言人有杜志卿（华侨大学外国语学院）“从霍妮的精神分析理论看阿契贝笔下的伊祖鲁”；蒯冲（荆楚理工学院）“非裔美国人的身份缺失与身份认同――以《阳光下的葡萄干》为例”；李美芹（浙江工商大学）“论埃里森‘文学爵士乐’美学中表达的种族政治思想”；李云瑾（华北科技学院）“论托妮•莫里森《宣叙》的含混性”；马粉英（西北师范大学）“《最蓝的眼睛》中克劳迪娅拆解行为的后殖民叙事”；唐莹（大连外国语大学）“从‘挪亚的诅咒’到非洲主义―对罗宾逊种族书写的反思”；徐文培（黑龙江大学）“《所罗门之歌》与奴隶叙事文学”；张宏薇（东北师范大学）“莫里森早晚期两部小说中‘儿童创伤’主题的对比分析”；朱小琳（中央民族大学）“悲莫悲兮伤永逝：以墓志为叙事策略的《宠儿》新解”。
第十八组（亚裔文学研究新视野）由谷红丽、李汝成主持，发言人有李青霜（南京审计大学）“论戏剧《耻辱》中的穆斯林文化定势”；刘喜波（齐齐哈尔大学）“列斐伏尔的身体空间理论下的《灿烂千阳》解读”；李东风（盐城师范学院）“美国印度裔离散文学中的‘家叙事’”。
Answers: ['厦门大学。']
Length: 9593
Language: zh

==================================================
Dataset: hotpotqa
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Which case was brought to court first Miller v. California or Gates v. Collier ?
Context: Passage 1:
Trusty system (prison)
The "trusty system" (sometimes incorrectly called "trustee system") was a penitentiary system of discipline and security enforced in parts of the United States until the 1980s, in which designated inmates were given various privileges, abilities, and responsibilities not available to all inmates.It was made compulsory under Mississippi state law but was used in other states as well, such as Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana, New York and Texas. The method of controlling and working inmates at Mississippi State Penitentiary at Parchman was designed in 1901 to replace convict leasing. The case Gates v. Collier ended the flagrant abuse of inmates under the trusty system and other prison abuses that had continued essentially unchanged since the building of the Mississippi State Penitentiary. Other states using the trusty system were also forced to give it up under the ruling.

History
Prisons had trusties as far back as the 1800s.

Parchman Farm
The prison had approximately 16,000 acres (65 km2) of farmland and grew such cash crops as cotton as well as engaged in livestock production. Although the population of the prison was around 1,900 inmates (two thirds of whom were black and in racially-segregated units), the law allowed only a maximum of 150 staff members to be hired to minimize operating costs. Thus, the farm labor was done by inmates.The bulk of guarding and disciplining of the inmates was performed by inmate trusties. They also performed most of the administrative work, supervised by a few employees. Therefore, the inmate trusties essentially controlled inmate care and custody, basically running the prison system.Highest in the prison inmate hierarchy were the inmates armed with rifles, called the "trusty shooters". Their job was to act as prison guards and control other inmates on a day-to-day basis in the residential camps or out on the field work crews. Next came the unarmed trusties who performed janitorial, clerical, and other menial tasks for the prison's staff. Simple tasks, such as distributing medication, were carried out by other categories of inmates such as "hallboys". Inmate trusties enforced discipline within the prison inmate living quarters (16 different residential camps) and in the work camps and prison farms. In addition to punishment administered on site, inmate trusties could recommend further punishment in the special punishment area for disobedient or disruptive inmates.According to attorney Roy Haber, who handled the series of litigation cases brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the trusty system, inmates were whipped with leather straps for failing to pick their daily quota of cotton. The farm's camps of black inmates were supervised by one white sergeant, and under him the black inmate "trusty shooters", who were serving sentences for murder, carried rifles and enforced discipline.

Abolition
Gates v. Collier (Gates v. Collier Prison Reform Case, 1970–1971) ended the flagrant abuse of inmates under the trusty system and other prison abuses that had continued essentially unchanged since the building of the prison in 1903. On October 20, 1972, Federal Judge William Keady ordered the end of racial segregation in prison residential quarters. He also required replacement of trusty shooters with civilian prison guards.Any system in which inmates were allowed to be in a position of authority and control other inmates or to use physical abuse or intimidation of other inmates was abolished. It also found some types of corporal punishment were a violation of an inmate's Eighth Amendment rights, including "handcuffing inmates to the fence and to cells for, long periods of time,... and forcing inmates to stand, sit or lie on crates, stumps, or otherwise maintain awkward positions for prolonged periods."Its structure and abuses were detailed in Hope v. Pelzer in which a former inmate sued the prison superintendent for personal injury suffered under the trusty system.Other states using the trusty system, such as Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas were also forced to abolish it under the Gates v. Collier rulings. However, some states, such as Texas, still continued their use of trusty systems (known as "building tenders") until the 1980s, when Federal Judge William Wayne Justice, in Ruiz v. Estelle, 503 F. Supp. 1265 (S.D. Tex. 1980), compelled the replacement of the trusty system with the strictly-regulated Support Service Inmate (SSI) system.

See also
"Parchman Farm" (song)
Louisiana State Penitentiary
Kapo
Passage 2:
Brockmeyer v. Dun &amp; Bradstreet
Brockmeyer v. Dun & Bradstreet 113 Wis. 2d 561, 335 N.W.2d 834 (Wis. 1983), was a case in which the Wisconsin Supreme Court first identified that Wisconsin has some judicial exceptions to the employment at will doctrine.

Facts
Charles J. Brockmeyer was employed at investment firm Dun & Bradstreet as a district manager of credit services, though he lacked a formal employment contract. After the employer settled a sex discrimination suit filed by the employee's former secretary, with whom he allegedly had an affair, the employer fired the employee. The court held that it was appropriate to create a public policy exception to the employment-at-will doctrine, as the termination had clearly violated a well-defined public policy, as evidenced by existing law. While the employer's actions may have constituted bad faith, they did not contravene the policies of any statute or constitutional provision. As the employee failed to prove that his discharge violated fundamental public policy, the decision for the employer was appropriate.

Holding
The court affirmed the decision of the lower court in favor of the employer.

Citations
The case is cited in Bammert v. Don's Super Valu, Inc.
Passage 3:
Miller v. California
Miller v. California, 413 U.S. 15 (1973), was a landmark decision of the U.S. Supreme Court modifying its definition of obscenity from that of "utterly without socially redeeming value" to that which lacks "serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value". It is now referred to as the three-prong standard or the Miller test.

Background
In 1971, Marvin Miller, an owner/operator of a California mail-order business specializing in pornographic films and books, sent out a brochure advertising books and a film that graphically depicted sexual activity between men and women. The brochure used in the mailing contained graphic images from the books and the film. Five of the brochures were mailed to a restaurant in Newport Beach, California. The owner and his mother opened the envelope and seeing the brochures, called the police.Miller was arrested and charged with violating California Penal Code 311.2(a) which says in part, "Every person who knowingly sends or causes to be sent, or brings or causes to be brought, into this state for sale or distribution, or in this state possesses, prepares, publishes, produces, or prints, with intent to distribute or to exhibit to others, or who offers to distribute, distributes, or exhibits to others, any obscene matter is for a first offense, guilty of a misdemeanor." California lawmakers wrote the statute based on two previous Supreme Court obscenity cases, Memoirs v. Massachusetts and Roth v. United States.Miller was tried by jury in the Superior Court of Orange County. At the conclusion of the evidence phase, the judge instructed the jury to evaluate the evidence by the community standards of California, i.e., as defined by the statute. The jury returned a guilty verdict.
Miller appealed to the Appellate Division of the Superior Court, arguing that the jury instructions did not use the standard set in Memoirs v. Massachusetts which said that in order to be judged obscene, materials must be "utterly without redeeming social value." Miller argued that only a national standard for obscenity could be applied. The appellate division rejected the argument and affirmed the jury verdict. Miller then filed an appeal with the California Court of Appeal for the Third District, which declined to review. Miller applied to the Supreme Court for certiorari, which was granted. Oral arguments were heard in January 1972.

Previous Supreme Court decisions on obscenity
The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari to Miller because the California law was based on its two previous obscenity cases which the Court wanted to revisit. Chief Justice Warren Burger came to the Court in 1969 believing that the Court's obscenity jurisprudence was misguided and governments should be given more leeway to ban obscene materials. In consideration of Miller in May and June 1972, Burger pushed successfully for a looser definition of "obscenity" which would allow local prosecutions, while Justice William J. Brennan, Jr., who by now also believed the Roth and Memoirs tests should be abandoned, led the charge for protecting all "obscenity" unless distributed to minors or exposed offensively to unconsenting adults. Decision of the case was contentious, and Miller was put over for reargument for October term in 1972, and did not come down until June 1973, with Burger prevailing with a 5–4 vote.Since the Court's decision in Roth v. United States, the Court had struggled to define what constituted constitutionally unprotected obscene material. Under the Comstock laws that prevailed before Roth, articulated most famously in the 1868 English case Regina v Hicklin, any material that tended to "deprave and corrupt those whose minds are open to such immoral influences" was deemed "obscene" and could be banned on that basis. Thus, works by Honoré de Balzac, Gustave Flaubert, James Joyce, and D. H. Lawrence were banned based on isolated passages and the effect they might have on children. Roth repudiated the "Hicklin test" and defined obscenity more strictly, as material whose "dominant theme taken as a whole appeals to the prurient interest" to the "average person, applying contemporary community standards". Only material now meeting this test could be banned as "obscene".In Memoirs v. Massachusetts, a plurality of the Court further redefined the Roth test by holding unprotected only that which is "patently offensive" and "utterly without redeeming social value," but no opinion in that case could command a majority of the Court either, and the state of the law in the obscenity field remained confused.  In Jacobellis v. Ohio, Justice Potter Stewart's concurring opinion said that the Court in earlier pornography cases "was faced with the task of trying to define what may be indefinable," and that criminal laws were constitutionally limited to "hard-core pornography," which he did not try to define: "perhaps I could never succeed in intelligibly doing so. But I know it when I see it." Other Justices  had equally been unwilling to clearly define what pornography could be prohibited by the First Amendment.

Supreme Court decision
Miller had based his appeal in California on Memoirs v. Massachusetts. The Court rejected that argument.
The question before the court was whether the sale and distribution of obscene material was protected under the First Amendment's guarantee of Freedom of Speech. The Court ruled that it was not. It indicated that "obscene material is not protected by the First Amendment," especially that of hardcore pornography, thereby reaffirming part of Roth.However, the Court acknowledged "the inherent dangers of undertaking to regulate any form of expression," and said that "State statutes designed to regulate obscene materials must be carefully limited." The Court, in an attempt to set such limits, devised a set of three criteria which must be met for a work to be legitimately subject to state regulation:

whether the average person, applying contemporary "community standards," would find that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest;
whether the work depicts or describes, in an offensive way, sexual conduct or excretory functions, as specifically defined by applicable state law (the syllabus of the case mentions only sexual conduct, but excretory functions are explicitly mentioned on page 25 of the majority opinion); and
whether the work, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value.This obscenity test overturns the definition of obscenity set out in the Memoirs decision, which held that "all ideas having even the slightest redeeming social importance ... have the full protection of the guaranties [of the First Amendment]" and that obscenity was that which was "utterly without redeeming social importance".The Miller decision vacated the jury verdict and remanded the case back to the California Superior Court.

Definition of obscenity post-Miller
Miller provided states greater freedom in prosecuting alleged purveyors of "obscene" material because, for the first time since Roth, a majority of the Court agreed on a definition of "obscenity." Hundreds of "obscenity" prosecutions went forward after Miller, and the Supreme Court began denying review of these state actions after years of reviewing many "obscenity" convictions (over 60 appeared on the Court's docket for the 1971–72 term, pre-Miller).A companion case to Miller, Paris Adult Theatre I v. Slaton, provided states with greater leeway to shut down adult movie houses. Controversy arose over Miller's "community standards" analysis, with critics charging that Miller encouraged forum shopping to prosecute national producers of what some believe to be "obscenity" in locales where community standards differ substantially from the rest of the nation. For example, under the "community standards" prong of the Miller test, what might be considered "obscene" in Utah might not be considered "obscene" in Massachusetts, or the opposite might be true; in any event, prosecutors tend to bring charges in locales where they believe that they will prevail. Justice Brennan, author of the Roth opinion, argued in his dissent for Paris Adult Theatre that outright suppression of obscenity is too vague to enforce in line with the First and Fourteenth Amendments.The standards established by Miller were elaborated upon in Pope v. Illinois in 1987. In the case, the jury instructions for the local court had been for the jurors to evaluate whether adult magazines had value according to a community standard, and the conviction was held by the Illinois appellate court. The Supreme Court overruled the appellate court decision, siding with the defendant. In the majority opinion, the Supreme Court held that the first two prongs of the test were to be evaluated according to a "community standard," but not the third, which was to be held to the higher standard of a "reasonable person" evaluating the work for value.In 1987, Oregon became the first state to strike down the criminalization of obscenity. In State v. Henry, the Oregon Supreme Court ruled in favor of Earl Henry, the owner of an adult bookstore, stating that the state obscenity statute violated the free speech provision of Oregon's state constitution.In 1997, the Supreme Court ruled in Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union that the anti-indecency provisions of the Communications Decency Act were unconstitutional. The Act had criminalized the sending of "obscene or indecent" material to minors over the Internet. The court unanimously ruled that the provision violated the First Amendment due to its burden on free speech.

Effects of the decision
In the years since Miller, many localities have cracked down on adult theatres and bookstores, as well as nude dancing, through restrictive zoning ordinances and public nudity laws.Additionally, in 1982's New York v. Ferber the Court declared child pornography as unprotected by the First Amendment, upholding the state of New York's ban on that material. In the 2002 Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition case, however, the Court held that sexually explicit material that only appears to depict minors, but actually does not, might be exempt from obscenity rulings.In American Booksellers Foundation for Free Expression v. Strickland, plaintiffs American Booksellers Foundation for Free Expression, joined by various publishers, retailers, and web site operators, sued Ohio's Attorney General and Ohio county prosecutors in United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. Plaintiffs alleged that Ohio Revised Code §2907.01(E) and (J), which prohibited the dissemination or display of "materials harmful to juveniles", unconstitutionally violated both the First Amendment and the Commerce Clause of the Constitution. Plaintiffs specifically challenged the statute's definition of "harmful to juveniles", as well as the provisions governing Internet dissemination of those materials. The court held the statute unconstitutional because the statute's definition of "material harmful to minors" did not comply with Miller.The "community standards" portion of the decision is of particular relevance with the rise of the Internet, as materials believed by some to be "obscene" can be accessed from anywhere in the nation, including places where there is a greater concern about "obscenity" than other areas of the nation. Enforcing and applying obscenity laws to the Internet have proven difficult. Both the Child Pornography Prevention Act (CPPA) and the Child Online Protection Act (COPA) have had sections struck down as unconstitutional in cases such as Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition and Ashcroft v. ACLU.

See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 413
Sex-related court cases
United States obscenity law
Passage 4:
Gasser v MISAT
Gasser v MISAT (C–116/02) was a decision of the European Court of Justice regarding the interpretation of the Brussels convention of 1968 ruling that a court chosen in a choice of court agreement should stay its proceedings - as any other court chosen second within the Brussels regime - until the court first seized had declared it did not have jurisdiction. The court's decision was considered problematic as it favoured the uniformity of application of the Brussels regime jurisdictional rules temporarily over party autonomy.: 572  Due to similar provisions in the 2001 Brussels Regulation and Lugano Conventions, the interpretation also affects choice of court agreements under those later instruments. However, in the 2012 Recast version of the Brussels I Regulation chosen courts can take jurisdiction, even if a court not chosen has been addressed first.

Facts
Austrian supplier Gasser and Italian distributor MISAT entered into a contract together for the supply of children's clothes. In the contract, they included a choice-of-court agreement, stipulating that an Austrian court have jurisdiction in case of conflict. However, when a dispute arose between the two parties, MISAT seised an Italian court to declare that the contract had been terminated, contrary to the choice-of-court clause they agreed on.
MISAT relied on Article 21 of the Brussels Convention, a convention to which all members of the European Community were party, and which regulates which court within those states has jurisdiction. The convention contains a lis alibi pendens-rule: where proceedings involving the same issue and between the same parties are brought before the courts of different Member States, the court seised second must stay proceedings up until the jurisdiction of the court first seised has been established – after which the court second seised must decline jurisdiction if the court first seised is indeed found to have jurisdiction. Consequently, Article 21 of the Convention establishes a type of "first come, first served"-rule: when there is a triple identity in parties,: §34  object,: §40  as well as cause of action, the court that has been seised second will only be able to decide in the case when it has been decided in the first court that the latter has no jurisdiction. The Report Jenard cites the need to "facilitate the proper administration of justice within the Community" as the underlying idea behind this lis alibi pendens rule, as irreconcilable judgments would obstruct such proper administration and ultimately be detrimental to the "mutual trust in the administration of justice in the Community". Consequently, the lis pendens-rule can be considered as an expression of the Regulation's search for both certainty and the preservation of mutual trust amongst Member States.The problem however in the case at hand was that the parties had first made an agreement as to which court would have jurisdiction in case of conflict- namely an Austrian court. Consequently, Gasser brought the same case before the Oberlandesgericht (Higher Regional Court) Innsbruck in Austria, where the question was eventually passed on to the European Court of Justice of whether or not the lis pendens-rule could override the parties' autonomous decision contained in their choice-of-court agreement and thus, if the abovementioned rule contained in Article 21 of the Convention was applicable or not.: §21, §28

CJEU procedure
The reference for a preliminary ruling were made on 25 March 2002, and observations were made -in addition to the parties in the dispute- by Italy, the United Kingdom and the European Commission. While Italy, the Commission and Misat contended that the lis pendens doctrine needed to take precedence, and that thus the court second seized should stay its proceedings until the first court had decided on its position, the UK and Gasser argued that the choice of the parties should take immediate precedence over the lis pendens rule.

Advocate-General
The (advisory) opinion of Advocate-General was delivered on 9 September 2003. The Advocate-general held that the European Court of Justice had the possibility to rule that a valid choice of court clause amounted exclusive jurisdiction to a (group of) courts, and that thus it was possible to derogate from using the lis pendens doctrine and give such a court immediate jurisdiction. The court had made a similar exception before in Overseas Union Insurance Ltd and Deutsche Ruck Uk Reinsurance Ltd and Pine Top Insurance Company Ltd v New Hampshire Insurance Company where it ruled that if one of the "exclusive jurisdiction" grounds of Article 16 applied, the court that had exclusive jurisdiction did not have to stay proceedings, even if it was seized second. The exclusive jurisdiction of choice of court agreements/clauses is however placed in Article 15, and thus is not automatically covered by the judgments. The Advocate general suggested to only allow a court seized second (and which was chosen in a choice of court clause/agreement) "where there is no room for any doubt as to the jurisdiction of the court second seised"; to avoid the situations where both courts would assume jurisdiction.

Decision
The Court resolutely rejected the possibility that the party autonomy could take precedence over the abovementioned goals of certainty and mutual trust, stating that "the court second seised is never in a better position than the court first seised to determine whether the latter has jurisdiction".: §48  Even though the Austrian court was consistent with the parties choice-of-court agreement, it was for the court first seized to decide it had not jurisdiction and the presence of such a clause is "not such as to call in question the application of the procedural rule contained in Article 21 of the Convention [now Article 27], which is based clearly and solely on the chronological order in which the courts involved are seised".: §46–47

Relevance
The ruling by the Court has implications not only for the application of the Brussels Convention, but also by the Brussels I Regulation (44/2001) that mostly replaced it, and for the interpretation by EU states of the Lugano Conventions of 1998 and 2007 that contain similar provisions.: 572 First, there is the (unlikely) risk that the court first seised finds the jurisdiction clause invalid, which consequently takes away the possibility for the designated court to decide the case, even if the latter would have declared the clause valid.: 577  Although the Court in Gasser first seems to minimise the likelihood of this hypothesis by stating that a jurisdiction clause "must be regarded as an independent concept",: §51  it nonetheless points out that verifying the existence of jurisdiction clauses "may necessitate delicate and costly investigations".: §26  As a result, although unlikely, there is still a risk that two courts from different Member States will decide upon the validity of a jurisdiction clause differently.: 572 Second, the Court's ruling, which imposes a sort of absolute first-come, first-served principle, promotes the use of tactical litigation and "torpedo claims".: 573  The reason why can be described as the difference between theory and reality. In theory, the fact that a party would have to turn to a different Member State for a ruling in his case is irrelevant or even meaningless, as the Brussels I Regulation rests upon the axiomatic assumption that procedural justice is served wherever in the community proceedings are heard.: 570  In reality however, this fact is of great tactical significance to the recalcitrant party, since -apart from the aforementioned fact that the first court seised may determine the effect of Article 23 differently- some Member States have a system of much slower-moving judiciary, which makes the realisation of procedural justice unlikely.: 577  Italy is a prime example thereof, with decisions on jurisdiction alone taking several months or even years; commencing proceedings in Italy is accordingly dubbed "firing the Italian torpedo". This torpedo may well sink a jurisdiction agreement, as the crude confrontation with increased delay and expense for the other party makes it not only unlikely for him to recommence proceedings in the agreed court after jurisdiction has been settled, but can even deter him from litigating altogether at the sight of the location of the court first seised.: 577 In conclusion, not only may the party defending the choice-of-court agreement experience substantive disadvantages in the other Member State, as the court situated there might declare the agreement invalid, the party may also be exposed to procedural disadvantages, caused by judicial system which is not chosen.: 573  This in turn can make the jurisdiction agreement ineffective altogether, going against the principle of party autonomy. Taking a formalistic and literal approach, the Court states that "the difficulties of the kind (...) stemming from delaying tactics by parties (...) are not such as to call in question the interpretation of the Brussels Convention, as deduced from its wordings and purpose",: §53  pointing out that the Regulation "is necessarily based on the trust which Contracting States accord to each other's legal systems and judicidial institutions".: §72

Effect on the Brussels Regulation
In the Recast of the Brussels I Regulation, the Commission addressed the problems created by the Gasser judgment. Dealing with the problematic tactical litigation spawning from the Gasser judgment, the Recast Regulation now contains a reversal of the priority rule, by giving the court chosen by the parties in the jurisdiction agreement precedence over all other courts, regardless of when proceedings were initiated. From a prima facie point of view, this certainly seems to deal the Gasser problem effectively, as a tactical race to the court is now without effect. However, some have raised the question to whether or not this will simply encourage the use of 'sham jurisdictional agreements', and if this indisputable preference for allegedly-chosen courts could not just lead to “improved” or “reverse” torpedo claims.
Passage 5:
Adams v. Burke
Adams v. Burke, 84 U.S. (17 Wall.) 453 (1873), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court first elaborated on the exhaustion doctrine. According to that doctrine, a so-called authorized sale of a patented product (one made by the patentee or a person authorized by it to sell the product) liberates the product from the patent monopoly. The product becomes the complete property of the purchaser and "passes without the monopoly." The property owner is then free to use or dispose of it as it may choose, free of any control by the patentee. Adams is a widely cited, leading case. A substantially identical doctrine applies in copyright law and is known as the "first sale doctrine".
As the Supreme Court recently explained, in Kirtsaeng v. John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 133 S. Ct. 1351 (2013), the principle comes from early English common law of property, explained in Coke on Littleton early in the 17th century. Under the common law, if a man is possessed of a chattel (item of personal property) and he transfers his property in it to another, no restriction against the use or disposition of the chattel will be effective, for that would hinder trade and commerce – it would interfere with bargaining among men. If once a patented product was sold and allowed to enter the stream of commerce, if it could be subject to restrictions (perhaps secret) on its use or further disposition, businessmen would not be able to know whether transactions in the product were effective and business certainty would be greatly impaired.

Factual background
In 1863, U.S. Patent No. 38,713 issued to the inventors Merrill and Horner for a  coffin lid that permitted interested persons to view the name-plate and inscription of the decedent in the coffin, irrespective of whether the coffin cover is open or closed. In 1865 they assigned to Lockhart & Seelye of Cambridge. Massachusetts, the ownership of the patent in a circular area around Boston having a ten-mile radius. Adams, the plaintiff in this case, was the assignee of the patent in an area outside this circle which included the town of Natick, Massachusetts.Burke, the defendant, was an undertaker doing business in Natick, Massachusetts, seventeen miles from Boston. Burke purchased some patented coffin lids from Lockhart & Seelye, who had manufactured them. Burke then took them to Natick (more than ten miles from Boston), and used them in his business. Adams then sued him.

Trial court opinion
The circuit court for the district of Massachusetts dismissed the case. It said:

When a patented product passes lawfully into the hands of a purchaser without condition or restriction, it is no longer within the monopoly or under the protection of the patent act, but outside of it. ...It is clear that by such a sale the purchaser acquires an absolute title to the manufactured product which is the subject of a patent, and may deal with It in the same manner as if dealing with any other kind of property. He may use it, repair it, Improve upon it, or sell it. Subsequent purchasers acquire the same rights as the seller had, and may do with the article, or its materials, whatever the first purchaser could have lawfully done if he had not parted with the title.

Supreme Court opinion
Adams appealed to the Supreme Court, which affirmed. The Court began by observing that this was a case of first impression in the Supreme Court although the governing principle had been involved in other patent cases. That principle was this:

[T]he sale by a person who has the full right to make, sell, and use . . . a machine carries with it the right to the use of that machine to the full extent to which it can be used in point of time.  . . . [I]n the essential nature of things, when the patentee, or the person having his rights, sells a machine or instrument whose sole value is in its use, he receives the consideration for its use and he parts with the right to restrict that use. The article, in the language of the Court, passes without the limit of the monopoly. [citation omitted] That is to say the patentee or his assignee having in the act of sale received all the royalty or consideration which he claims for the use of his invention in that particular machine or instrument, it is open to the use of the purchaser without further restriction on account of the monopoly of the patentees.

Accordingly, the Court ruled that "we hold that in the class of machines or implements we have described, when they are once lawfully made and sold, there is no restriction on their use to be implied for the benefit of the patentee or his assignees or licensees."Subsequent Supreme Court cases following the doctrine of the Adams case include:

Motion Picture Patents Co. v. Universal Film Mfg. Co., 243 U.S. 502 (1917).
Straus v. Victor Talking Machine Co., 243 U.S. 490 (1917).
Ethyl Gasoline Corp. v. United States, 309 U.S. 436 (1940).
United States v. Univis Lens Co., 316 U.S. 241 (1942).
Aro Mfg. Co. v. Convertible Top Replacement Co., 365 U. S. 336 (1961).
Quanta Computer, Inc. v. LG Electronics, Inc., 553 U.S. 617 (2008).But see:

United States v. General Electric Co., 272 U.S. 476 (1926).
General Talking Pictures Corp. v. Western Electric Co., 304 U.S. 175 (1938).
Passage 6:
Jones v. Cunningham
Jones v. Cunningham, 371 U.S. 236 (1963), was a Supreme Court case in which the court first ruled that state inmates had the right to file  a writ of habeas corpus challenging both the legality and the conditions of their imprisonment. Prior to this, starting with Pervear v. Massachusetts, 72 U.S. 475 (1866), the court had maintained a "hands off" policy regarding federal interference with state incarceration policies and practices, maintaining that the Bill of Rights did not apply to the states. Subsequently, in Cooper v. Pate (1964), an inmate successfully obtained standing to challenge the denial of his right to practice his religion through a habeas corpus writ.
Passage 7:
Cheff v. Mathes
Cheff v. Mathes, 199 A.2d 548 (Del. 1964), was a case in which the Delaware Supreme Court first addressed the issue of director conflict of interest in a corporate change of control setting. This case is the predecessor to future seminal corporate law cases including: Unocal Corp. v. Mesa Petroleum Co., Revlon v. MacAndrews, and Paramount v. Time.

Facts
Holland Furnace Company manufactured home furnaces. The company's marketing strategy involved door-to-door sales, which employed a large workforce. This model, if not unique to Holland Furnace, was nevertheless unusual.  From the standpoint of Arnold Maremont, a businessman who had been purchasing Holland Furnace stock, it was unprofitable. These practices also implicated Holland Furnace in charges of unfair trade practices.  (An investigation of these practices by the Federal Trade Commission had already been pending for a year at the time of the events underlying the decision in Cheff.)  Sales representatives for Holland would go door to door posing as official inspectors. Claiming to be employed by the homeowner's utility or by the local government, these salesmen would disassemble the furnace, refusing to reassemble it for lack of spare parts. Holland's core business lay in replacement boilers.
Cheff-Landwehr family group had effective control over the company, with 18.5% of Holland stock. Cheff, a family member, was Holland's Chief Executive Officer. From 1948-1956, Holland's sales declined by 25%. Management attributed the sharp drop to a boom in sales following World War II, which could not be sustained in later years. Maremont, an owner of an automotive parts manufacturing business, approached Cheff in 1957 to discuss the possibility of a merger between the two companies. Cheff was not interested in a business combination.  Rebuffed, Maremont purchased 6% of Holland stock on the open market. Cheff ordered an investigation of Maremont, and learned that Maremont had engaged in corporate takeovers and liquidation of several companies. (At the resulting trial, Cheff would testify that Maremont was not well regarded among local area businessmen.)  Cheff and Maremont met a second time, by which time Maremont owned 11% of Holland Stock. Maremont told Cheff that Holland's door-to-door sales tactic was obsolete and should be abandoned in favor of a wholesaler marketing strategy.
Upon learning of Maremont's plans, Cheffs and Holland's board of directors agreed that Maremont posed a threat to Holland's continued existence.  Holland's board would claim that Maremont's threat caused many of Holland's employees to quit in anticipation of the threatened takeover. With the stated aim of eliminating Maremont's threat to Holland's existence, the Holland board of directors authorized the repurchase of Maremont's holdings of Holland stock at a price above the prevailing market stock price. Essentially, the board authorized the payment of greenmail to Maremont.

Business Judgment RuleThe Delaware Supreme Court first had to determine whether Holland's directors were protected from judicial scrutiny of their actions under the business judgment rule.  While the business judgment rule typically protects corporate officers from judicial scrutiny of their actions, the rule could be limited if judges found a conflict of interest.  In the case of Holland Furnace, the board's purchase of shares with corporate funds prevented a hostile takeover (which could have been in the best interest of the company) while also maintaining their control of the company. Thus, the court had to decide whether the Board was so conflicted that they should not be afforded Business Judgment Rule protection.

Threat to Corporate Policy"The question then presented is whether or not [the board] satisfied the burden of proof of showing reasonable grounds to believe a danger to corporate policy and effectiveness existed by the presence of the Maremont stock ownership. It is important to remember that the directors satisfy their burden by showing good faith and reasonable investigation; the directors will not be penalized for an honest mistake of judgment, if the judgment appeared reasonable at the time the decision was made."

Judgment
The court held that the directors were protected by the business judgment rule, because they held a good faith belief that Maremont posed a threat to Holland's continued existence. Testimony established the board's understanding of Maremont's reputation for acquiring businesses and liquidating them, and that Maremont's apparent intentions negatively affected Holland's work force.
Therefore, after Delaware's holding in this case, a director could rebut any inference of a conflict of interest, and remain protected by the business judgment rule, if they showed that they held a good faith belief that they were pursuing a "business purpose" that would benefit the corporation.

Aftermath
The court's findings mention - and minimize - the FTC investigation of Holland Furnace. The court, endorsing Holland's board, also notes that Holland's downward sales-trend reversed itself in 1957, the year that Maremont was bought out. What the court does not mention is that Holland's fortunes suffered another reversal - this one fatal. Holland's sales were in excess of $31 million in 1958, but dropped to $1.1 million by 1965. That year, Holland stock reached a high of $1.63 per share, compared to a closing price of $11–1/8 per share in October 1957. Holland Furnace, listed in editions of Moody's Industrial Manual for the years covering the events of this case, did not appear in 1966.
Holland Furnace faced charges of unfair trade practices that were known prior to the decision in Cheff v. Mathes. As a result of their investigations into the sales practices of Holland Furnace, the FTC issued a "cease and desist order" against the company, an order upheld by the United States Court of Appeals, Seventh Circuit. Ultimately, Holland Furnace and Mr. Cheff were held in contempt for violating the order by continuing to engage in unfair trade practices. Mr. Cheff went to jail for 6 months.The unsavory character of Arnold Maremont is a key factor in the court's decision. During proceedings leading up to the court's decision in Cheff, Mr. Cheff testified as to Maremont's reputation, that: "Throughout the whole of the Kalamazoo-Battle Creek area, and Detroit too, where I spent considerable time, he is well known and not highly regarded by any stretch."
Arnold Maremont, who died in 1978, involved himself in pursuits other than business. According to his obituary in The New York Times, Maremont was both a patron of the arts and a visionary for social justice. A governing life member of the Art Institute of Chicago and a former trustee of the Lyric Opera and Ballet Theater, Maremont was the first Illinois industrialist to back a law ending employment discrimination against African Americans. As chairman of the Illinois Public Aid Commission in the early 1960s, he campaigned for publicly supported birth control for welfare families.

See also
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc. 457 A.2d 701 (Del. 1983)
Unocal v. Mesa
Passage 8:
Gates v. Collier
Gates v. Collier, 501 F.2d 1291 (5th Cir. 1974), was a landmark decision of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals that brought an end to the trusty system as well as flagrant inmate abuse at Mississippi State Penitentiary, also known as Parchman Farm, in Sunflower County, Mississippi. It was the first case in a body of law developed in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals holding that a variety of forms of corporal punishment against prisoners constituted cruel and unusual punishment and a violation of Eighth Amendment rights. This case was also the first broad-scale intervention by a court in the supervision of prison practices.In Gates v. Collier, the Court of Appeals found certain forms of corporal punishment violate the Eighth Amendment, including "handcuffing inmates to the fence and to cells for long periods of time, ... and forcing inmates to stand, sit or lie on crates, stumps, or otherwise maintain awkward positions for prolonged periods."

Parchman Farm
The Mississippi State Penitentiary, commonly known as Parchman Farm, was founded in 1904 and consisted of 20,000 acres of delta. The prison was styled after plantations, emerging in the South during the Jim Crow era. It's estimated that throughout its history, about 90% of Parchman's prisoners were black men.After the Civil War, Mississippi was still dependent upon black labor to sustain its farms and plantations. As a result, the state passed a series of laws that made vagrancy a crime; African Americans had to constantly carry papers around showing proof of employment, and if they were found without documentation they would be arrested. Pig laws also played a role in the convictions of many Parchman Farm inmates. Pig laws made any kind of minor larceny a serious crime, for stealing something like a soda would typically result in five years of jail. Convict leasing was another discriminatory system used in which African Americans would be leased to do work rather than sent to jail, essentially taking the place of slavery.Parchman Farm had black camps that were overseen by a white sergeant. Below the white sergeant were black trusties, who had been convicted of murder and allowed to carry a gun. The state rationalized this system economically, for hiring inmates to carry out duties rather than civilian guards meant money was being saved."The Penitentiary Board at the time was composed of 5 individuals appointed by the Governor with consent of the Senate for 4-year terms, appointed the superintendent, who was vested with exclusive management and control of the prison system in all aspects, including the care and treatment of inmates and the hiring, control and discharge of 150 civilian employees".Oshinksy, the author of Worse than Slavery, once stated in an interview with The Washington Post that "Parchman Farm was basically the leading cash cow for the state of Mississippi." They were adding hundreds of thousands of dollars and then millions of dollars to the state treasury, and thus were a huge economic asset".

Roy Haber
In 1970, Roy Haber, a civil rights lawyer, was recruited along with other lawyers to "bring some law and order to the South".Haber first came to Parchman in 1970 after quitting his New York City divorce practice to speak with Matthew Winter, a prisoner who had been convicted of murder. Haber's initial visit to Parchman was made in order to determine whether or not Winter had been adequately represented in court. After his first meeting with Haber, Winter was threatened and beaten by trusties.Haber took statements from Parchman inmates about conditions at the prison, which was not easy at first; many prisoners were afraid of facing retribution from prison officials.Some of his most "damning" evidence included a document that ran over fifty single-spaced pages with a list of murders, rapes, beatings, and tortures at Parchman between 1969 and 1971.

Racial discrimination and inmate abuse
At Parchman Farm, punishments up until the 1970s were representative of slavery. "The prisoners were housed in large barracks that were rundown and filthy, with 100–120 in one room". Each camp had open ditches that held raw sewage and medical waste. When Judge Keady of the District Court Case visited Parchman on multiple occasions, he witnessed "filthy bathrooms, rotting mattresses, polluted water supplies, and kitchens overrun with insects, rodents, and the stench of decay." Parchman was known to be dangerous and deadly. Aside from its inhumane conditions, shootings and beatings were carried out regularly, murders failed to be documented and the maximum-security unit was a torture chamber.Allegations of abuse between 1969 and 1971 include:

Bogard, William: compelled to stand in the daytime and sit at night for three entire days without interruption on a coke crate.
Collins, Matthew: murdered by trusty J.C. Dunnican on order of Ollis Hitt.
Goodwin, Frank: "jumped on" and had an ear ripped off by inmate Danny Williamson.
Hayes, Jessie: shot by trusty John Horn for refusal to engage in homosexual acts.
Humes, George: handcuffed to bars, on tiptoes for two days without food, water, or bathroom facilities.
Marino, Hilliard: hair cut and pulled out while forced to kneel on the concrete floor, assaulted with others in MSU with brass knuckles, causing blindness and constant pain.
Nathan, Walter: handcuffed and hung from tree.
Tackett, Bob: another inmate named Cantrell kicked out one of his eyes which was lost; that he was beaten by a trusty.
Waldie, Donald: Required to maintain a mid-suspended position which one assumes during course of doing push-ups, and at that time was guarded by J.D. Gilmer, who shot above or below him if he moved.
Wells, William: fatally shot by Sgt. West.
Williams, Jessie: fatally shot by Walter Griffin, a trusty, on orders of Obar, the driver of the vehicle.

District court case
On February 8, 1971, Nazareth Gates, Willie Holmes, Matthew Winter, and Hal Zachary filed a class action against the Superintendent of the Penitentiary, the members of the Mississippi Penitentiary Board and the Governor of the State. "The plaintiffs charged that ‘deplorable conditions and practices’ at Parchman deprived them of rights guaranteed by the First, Eighth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth amendments to the United States Constitution".Thomas D. Cook was the penitentiary superintendent accused of committing the actions, and was replaced in February 1972 by John Collier, who was substituted and appointed in his stead as a defendant.
"28 U.S.C. §§ 1331 and 1343, the plaintiffs allege that the defendants, by their methods of prison administration, have deprived the inmates of rights, privileges and immunities secured to them by the First, Eighth, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments and by 42 U.S.C. §§ 1981, 1983, 1985 and 1994. The complaint stated that African American inmates had been segregated and discriminated against based on their race, which is a violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. The complaint aimed for injunctive relief to remedy the alleged misconduct of the defendants and a declaratory judgment that the continuation of certain practices and conditions at the penitentiary is unconstitutional".According to a section of the Preliminary Statement, "On August 23, 1971, the United States was allowed to intervene as plaintiff pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 2000h-2.[2] The complaint in intervention alleges that the defendants have, contrary to the Fourteenth Amendment, maintained a system of prison facilities segregated by race; and, additionally, the defendants have failed to provide the inmates with adequate housing, medical care, and protection from assault from other prisoners; that the conditions of the sewerage disposal and water systems create an immediate health hazard, and that prison officials have permitted the custodial staff, including inadequately trained armed trusties, to inflict cruel and unusual punishment upon inmates in violation of the Eighth Amendment. The United States seeks injunctive relief to remedy the alleged misconduct of defendants".In October 1972, Judge William Keady found for the plaintiffs, calling Parchman Farm an "affront to modern standards of decency" and its living quarters "unfit for human habitation." He ordered an end to all unconstitutional conditions and practices.

Fifth Circuit decision
The state of Mississippi appealed this decision to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, though the Fifth Circuit ended up agreeing with the lower court's earlier decision. Racial segregation of inmates was abolished as well as the trusty system.Subsequently, other states utilizing the trusty system, such as Arkansas, Alabama, Louisiana and Texas were also forced to abolish it under the Gates v. Collier rulings.

See also
Louisiana State Penitentiary
Cummins Unit - Arkansas and Texas
Pervear v. Massachusetts
Holt v. Sarver
Ruiz v. Estelle - Texas
Hope v. Pelzer
Passage 9:
WN Hillas &amp; Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd
WN Hillas & Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd [1932] UKHL 2 is a landmark House of Lords case on English contract law where the court first began to move away from a strict, literal interpretation of the terms of a contract, and instead interpreted it with a view to preserve the bargain. The Court ruled that judges may imply terms into a contract based on the past dealings of the parties rather than void the agreement.
Lord Wright stated in this case that people who give good consideration can bind themselves to a duty to negotiate in good faith, but this view was controversially rejected in a later House of Lords case, Walford v Miles (1992).Hillas & Company were merchants purchasing timber from Arcos. Hillas and Arcos reached an agreement to purchase 22,000 standards of timber, under the specific condition that they should also have the option of entering into a contract with Arcos to purchase 100,000 standards the following year with a 5% reduction on price. Arcos refused to sell them the 100,000 standards the following year. Hillas was successful at trial, which Arcos appealed successfully to the Court of Appeal.

See also
G Scammell & Nephew Ltd v Ouston [1941] 1 AC 251
Smith v Hughes (1871) LR 6 QB 597
Hartog v Colin & Shields [1939] 3 All ER 566
Frederick E Rose (London) Ltd v William H Pim Junior & Co Ltd [1953] 2 QB 450

Notes
External links
Full text of decision from Bailii.org
Passage 10:
Fletcher v. Peck
Fletcher v. Peck, 10 U.S. (6 Cranch) 87 (1810), was a landmark United States Supreme Court decision in which the Supreme Court first ruled a state law unconstitutional. The decision created a growing precedent for the sanctity of legal contracts and hinted that Native Americans did not hold complete title to their own lands (an idea fully realized in Johnson v. McIntosh).

Yazoo lands sales
Following the Treaty of Paris ending the American Revolution, Georgia claimed possession of the Yazoo lands, a 54,000 sq mi (140,000 km2) region of the Indian Reserve, west of its own territory. The land later became the northern part of the states of Alabama and Mississippi.
In 1795, the Georgia legislature divided the area into four tracts. The state then sold the tracts to four separate land development companies for $500,000, about $0.014 per acre, a bargain even at 1790 prices. The Georgia legislature overwhelmingly approved this land grant, known as the Yazoo Land Act of 1795. However, it was later revealed that the Yazoo Land Act had been approved in return for bribes in a scandal known as the Yazoo Land Scandal. The voters rejected most of the incumbents in the next election; the new legislature, reacting to the public outcry, repealed the law and voided the transactions made under it.
Robert Fletcher and especially John Peck were speculators in the Yazoo lands. Fletcher bought a tract of land from Peck after the 1795 act was repealed. Fletcher, in 1803, brought a suit against Peck, claiming that Peck had not had clear title to the land when he sold it.
There was collusion between the two. Both would have their land secured if the Supreme Court decided that Native Americans did not hold original title. Fletcher set out to win the case.

Court ruling
The Supreme Court unanimously (with a separate concurring opinion written by William Johnson) ruled that the legislature's repeal of the law was unconstitutional. John Marshall wrote that the sale was a binding contract, which under Article I, Section 10, Clause I (the Contract Clause) of the Constitution, cannot be invalidated even if it is illegally secured.
The ruling lent further protection to property rights against popular pressure and is the earliest case of the Court asserting its right to invalidate state laws which are in conflict with or are otherwise contrary to the Constitution. A later Chief Justice, William H. Rehnquist, wrote that Fletcher v. Peck "represented an attempt by Chief Justice Marshall to extend the protection of the contract clause to infant business".

See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 10
Yazoo land scandal
Answers: ['Miller v. California']
Length: 8616
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: 2wikimqa
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Where was the wife of Francis I Rákóczi born?
Context: Passage 1:
Waldrada of Lotharingia
Waldrada was the mistress, and later the wife, of Lothair II of Lotharingia.

Biography
Waldrada's family origin is uncertain. The prolific 19th-century French writer Baron Ernouf suggested that Waldrada was of noble Gallo-Roman descent, sister of Thietgaud, the bishop of Trier, and niece of Gunther, archbishop of Cologne. However, these suggestions are not supported by any evidence, and more recent studies have instead suggested she was of relatively undistinguished social origins, though still from an aristocratic milieu.
The Vita Sancti Deicoli states that Waldrada was related to Eberhard II, Count of Nordgau (included Strasbourg) and the family of Etichonids, though this is a late 10th-century source and so may not be entirely reliable on this question.In 855 the Carolingian king Lothar II married Teutberga, a Carolingian aristocrat and the daughter of Bosonid Boso the Elder. The marriage was arranged by Lothar's father Lothar I for political reasons. It is very probable that Waldrada was already Lothar II's mistress at this time.Teutberga was allegedly not capable of bearing children and Lothar's reign was chiefly occupied by his efforts to obtain an annulment of their marriage, and his relations with his uncles Charles the Bald and Louis the German were influenced by his desire to obtain their support for this endeavour. Lothair, whose desire for annulment was arguably prompted by his affection for Waldrada, put away Teutberga. However, Hucbert took up arms on his sister's behalf, and after she had submitted successfully to the ordeal of water, Lothair was compelled to restore her in 858. Still pursuing his purpose, he won the support of his brother, Emperor Louis II, by a cession of lands and obtained the consent of the local clergy to the annulment and to his marriage with Waldrada, which took place in 862. However, Pope Nicholas I was suspicious of this and sent legates to investigate at the Council of Metz in 863. The Council found in favour of Lothair's divorce, which led to rumours that the papal legates may have bribed and thus meant that Nicholas order Lothair to take Teutberga back or face excommunication. 
With the support of Charles the Bald and Louis the German, Teutberga appealed the annulment to Pope Nicholas. Nicholas refused to recognize the annulment and excommunicated Waldrada in 866, forcing Lothair to abandon Waldrada in favour of Teutberga. Lothair accepted this begrudgingly for a time, but shortly afterward at the end of 867 Pope Nicholas I died. Thus, Lothair began to seek the permission of the newly appointed Pope Adrian II to again put Teutberga aside and marry Waldrada, riding to Rome to speak with him on the matter in 869. However, on his way home, Lothair died.

Children
Waldrada and Lothair II had some sons and probably three daughters, all of whom were declared illegitimate:

Hugh (c. 855–895), Duke of Alsace (867–885)
Gisela (c. 865–908), who in 883 married Godfrey, the Viking leader ruling in Frisia, who was murdered in 885
Bertha (c. 863–925), who married Theobald of Arles (c. 854–895), count of Arles, nephew of Teutberga. They had two sons, Hugh of Italy and Boso of Tuscany. After Theobald's death, between 895 and 898 she married Adalbert II of Tuscany (c. 875–915) They had at least three children: Guy, who succeeded his father as count and duke of Lucca and margrave of Tuscany, Lambert succeeded his brother in 929, but lost the titles in 931 to his half-brother Boso of Tuscany, and Ermengard.
Ermengarde (d. 90?)
Odo (d. c.879)
Passage 2:
Francis I Rákóczi
Francis I Rákóczi (February 24, 1645, Gyulafehérvár, Transylvania – July 8, 1676, Zboró, Royal Hungary) was a Hungarian aristocrat, elected prince of Transylvania and father of Hungarian national hero Francis Rákóczi II.Francis Rákóczi was the son of George Rákóczi II, prince of Transylvania, and Sophia Báthory. He was elected prince by the Transylvanian Diet in 1652, during his father's life. However, because of the disastrous Polish campaign of 1657 and its consequences, the Ottoman Empire removed his father from the throne in 1660, and prohibited any Rákóczi to ascend the Transylvanian throne. This left Francis unable to come by his father's legacy; he therefore withdrew to his estates in Royal Hungary.
Notably, the Rákóczi family was Calvinist, and they were staunch supporters of the Reformed Church in Hungary. However, Francis' mother, Sophia Báthory, had converted to Calvinism merely for the sake of her marriage. After her husband's death, she returned to Catholicism and supported the Counter Reformation. Francis Rákóczi also became a Catholic, thus acquiring favour with the Catholic Habsburg Court. His mother converted him to Catholicism. He was made a count in 1664.
In 1666 Francis married Jelena Zrinska (Hungarian: Zrínyi Ilona), a Croatian countess, and joined the Wesselényi conspiracy (Zrinski-Frankopan conspiracy in Croatia), one leader of which was Jelena's father, Petar Zrinski (Hungarian: Zrínyi Péter). Francis soon became the leader of the conspiracy, and, as a culmination of their anti-Habsburg stratagems, started an armed uprising of nobles in Upper Hungary, while the other conspirators were supposed to start the fight in Croatia. Due to poor organization and discord between the conspirators, however, the Austrian authorities were well informed; they quickly suppressed the Croatian branch of the revolt.
When Rákóczi learned that Petar Zrinski had been captured by the Austrians, he laid down his arms and applied for mercy. All other leaders of the conspiracy were executed for high treason; Rákóczi, due to his mother's intervention, and for a ransom of 300,000 forints and several castles, was pardoned.

Issue
Francis I had three  children:

György (1667)
Julianna Borbála (1672–1717), married Count Ferdinand Gobert von Aspremont-Lynden (1643-1708)
Francis Rákóczi II (1676–1735)Francis II was born only three months before his father's death. He led a rebellion against Austrian rule (Rákóczi's War of Independence) and died in exile.
Passage 3:
Mary Fiennes (lady-in-waiting)
Mary Fiennes (1495–1531) was an English courtier. She was the wife of Henry Norris. Norris was executed for treason as one of the alleged lovers of her cousin, Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII of England. Mary lived for six years at the French court as a Maid of Honour to queens consort Mary Tudor, wife of Louis XII; and Claude of France, wife of Francis I.

Family and early years
Mary was born at Herstmonceux Castle in Sussex in 1495, the only daughter of Thomas Fiennes, 8th Baron Dacre and Anne Bourchier. By both her father and mother she was descended from Edward III. She had two younger brothers, Sir Thomas and John. Her mother was an elder half-sister of Elizabeth Howard and Lord Edmund Howard, making queen consorts Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard a cousin of Mary. Her paternal grandmother, Alice FitzHugh, was sister to Elizabeth FitzHugh, grandmother of Catherine Parr, making her cousin to yet another queen consort of Henry VIII.
In 1514, Mary was appointed a Maid of Honour to Princess Mary Tudor and accompanied her to France when the latter married King Louis XII of France; afterwards she served in the capacity to Queen Mary's successor, Queen Claude, consort of the new king Francis I of France. Among her fellow Maids of Honour were her cousins, Mary (a mistress of Henry VIII) and Anne Boleyn.

Marriage and issue
In 1520 upon her return to England, she married the courtier, Henry Norreys (1491 – 17 May 1536) of Yattendon in Berkshire, whom she had met that same year at the Field of the Cloth of Gold in France.
Norris served King Henry VIII of England as a Gentleman of the Bedchamber, and was held in high favour by the King. He was later appointed Groom of the Stool and continued to enjoy the King's favour. According to biographer Eric Ives, Norris was "perhaps the nearest thing Henry had to a friend." Norris had control of King Henry's Privy chamber.
Henry and Mary had three children:
Edward Norris (died 1529)
Henry Norris, 1st Baron Norreys (c. 1525 – 1601), married Margaret Williams of Rycote, by whom he had issue.
Mary Norris, married firstly Sir George Carew, and secondly Sir Arthur Champernowne, by whom she had issue.

Death
Mary died in 1531, a year after her mother. Five years later her husband was attainted and executed for treason as one of the five alleged lovers of her cousin Queen Anne Boleyn, who herself was beheaded at the Tower of London on 19 May 1536.
Their four orphaned children were raised by Norris's brother Sir John Norris.

Ancestry
Passage 4:
Agatha (wife of Samuel of Bulgaria)
Agatha (Bulgarian: Агата, Greek: Άγάθη; fl. late 10th century) was the wife of Emperor Samuel of Bulgaria.

Biography
According to a later addition to the history of the late-11th-century Byzantine historian John Skylitzes, Agatha was a captive from Larissa, and the daughter of the magnate of Dyrrhachium, John Chryselios. Skylitzes explicitly refers to her as the mother of Samuel's heir Gavril Radomir, which means that she was probably Samuel's wife. On the other hand, Skylitzes later mentions that Gavril Radomir himself also took a beautiful captive, named Irene, from Larissa as his wife. According to the editors of the Prosopographie der mittelbyzantinischen Zeit, this may have been a source of confusion for a later copyist, and Agatha's real origin was not Larissa, but Dyrrhachium. According to the same work, it is likely that she had died by ca. 998, when her father surrendered Dyrrhachium to the Byzantine emperor Basil II.Only two of Samuel's and Agatha's children are definitely known by name: Gavril Radomir and Miroslava. Two further, unnamed, daughters are mentioned in 1018, while Samuel is also recorded as having had a bastard son.Agatha is one of the central characters in Dimitar Talev's novel Samuil.
Passage 5:
Empress Shōken
Empress Dowager Shōken (昭憲皇太后, Shōken-kōtaigō, 9 May 1849 – 9 April 1914), born Masako Ichijō (一条勝子, Ichijō Masako), was the wife of Emperor Meiji of Japan. She is also known under the technically incorrect name Empress Shōken (昭憲皇后, Shōken-kōgō). She was one of the founders of the Japanese Red Cross Society, whose charity work was known throughout the First Sino-Japanese War.

Early life
Lady Masako Ichijō was born on 9 May 1849, in Heian-kyō, Japan. She was the third daughter of Tadayoshi Ichijō, former Minister of the Left and head of the Fujiwara clan's Ichijō branch. Her adoptive mother was one of Prince Fushimi Kuniie's daughters, but her biological mother was Tamiko Niihata, the daughter of a doctor from the Ichijō family. Unusually for the time, she had been vaccinated against smallpox. As a child, Masako was somewhat of a prodigy: she was able to read poetry from the Kokin Wakashū by the age of 4 and had composed some waka verses of her own by the age of 5. By age seven, she was able to read some texts in classical Chinese with some assistance and was studying Japanese calligraphy. By the age of 12, she had studied the koto and was fond of Noh drama. She excelled in the studies of finances, ikebana and Japanese tea ceremony.The major obstacle to Lady Masako's eligibility to become empress consort was the fact that she was 3 years older than Emperor Meiji, but this issue was resolved by changing her official birth date from 1849 to 1850. They became engaged on 2 September 1867, when she adopted the given name Haruko (美子), which was intended to reflect her 
serene beauty and diminutive size.
The Tokugawa Bakufu promised 15,000 ryō in gold for the wedding and assigned her an annual income of 500 koku, but as the Meiji Restoration occurred before the wedding could be completed, the promised amounts were never delivered. The wedding was delayed partly due to periods of mourning for Emperor Kōmei,  for her brother Saneyoshi, and the political disturbances around Kyoto between 1867 and 1868.

Empress of Japan
Lady Haruko and Emperor Meiji's wedding was finally officially celebrated on 11 January 1869. She was the first imperial consort to receive the title of both nyōgō and of kōgō (literally, the emperor's wife, translated as "empress consort"), in several hundred years. However, it soon became clear that she was unable to bear children. Emperor Meiji already had 12 children by 5 concubines, though: as custom in Japanese monarchy, Empress Haruko adopted Yoshihito, her husband's eldest son by Lady Yanagihara Naruko, who became Crown Prince. On 8 November 1869, the Imperial House departed from Kyoto for the new capital of Tokyo. In a break from tradition, Emperor Meiji insisted that the Empress and the senior ladies-in-waiting should attend the educational lectures given to the Emperor on a regular basis about national conditions and developments in foreign nations.

Influence
On 30 July 1886, Empress Haruko attended the Peeresses School's graduation ceremony in Western clothing. On 10 August, the imperial couple received foreign guests in Western clothing for the first time when hosting a Western Music concert.From this point onward, the Empress' entourage wore only Western-style clothes in public, to the point that in January 1887 
Empress Haruko issued a memorandum on the subject: traditional Japanese dress was not only unsuited to modern life, but Western-style dress was closer than the kimono to clothes worn by Japanese women in ancient times.In the diplomatic field, Empress Haruko hosted the wife of former US President Ulysses S. Grant during his visit to Japan. She was also present for her husband's meetings with Hawaiian King Kalākaua in 1881. Later that same year, she helped host the visit of the sons of future British King Edward VII: Princes Albert Victor and George (future George V), who presented her with a pair of pet wallabies from Australia.On  26 November 1886, Empress Haruko accompanied her husband to Yokosuka, Kanagawa to observe the new Imperial Japanese Navy cruisers Naniwa and Takachiho firing torpedoes and performing other maneuvers. From 1887, the Empress was often at the Emperor's side in official visits to army maneuvers. When Emperor Meiji fell ill in 1888, Empress Haruko took his place in welcoming envoys from Siam, launching warships and visiting Tokyo Imperial University. In 1889, Empress Haruko accompanied Emperor Meiji on his official visit to Nagoya and Kyoto. While he continued on to visit naval bases at Kure and Sasebo, she went to Nara to worship at the principal Shinto shrines.Known throughout her tenure for her support of charity work and women's education during the First Sino-Japanese War (1894–95), Empress Haruko worked for the establishment of the Japanese Red Cross Society. She participated in the organization's administration, especially in their peacetime activities in which she created a money fund for the International Red Cross. Renamed "The Empress Shōken Fund", it is presently used for international welfare activities. After Emperor Meiji moved his military headquarters from Tokyo to Hiroshima to be closer to the lines of communications with his troops, Empress Haruko joined her husband in March 1895. While in Hiroshima, she insisted on visiting hospitals full of wounded soldiers every other day of her stay.

Death
After Emperor Meiji's death in 1912, Empress Haruko was granted the title Empress Dowager (皇太后, Kōtaigō) by her adoptive son, Emperor Taishō. She died in 1914 at the Imperial Villa in Numazu, Shizuoka and was buried in the East Mound of the Fushimi Momoyama Ryo in Fushimi, Kyoto, next to her husband. Her soul was enshrined in Meiji Shrine in Tokyo. On 9 May 1914, she received the posthumous name Shōken Kōtaigō (昭憲皇太后). Her railway-carriage can be seen today in the Meiji Mura Museum, in Inuyama, Aichi prefecture.

Honours
National
Grand Cordon of the Order of the Precious Crown, 1 November 1888

Foreign
She received the following orders and decorations:
 Russian Empire: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Catherine, 13 December 1887
 Spain: Dame of the Order of Queen Maria Luisa, 29 November 1889
 Siam: Dame of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri, 12 October 1899
 German Empire: Dame of the Order of Louise, 1st Class, 19 May 1903
 Kingdom of Bavaria: Dame of Honour of the Order of Theresa, 29 February 1904
 Korean Empire: Grand Cordon of the Order of the Auspicious Phoenix, 27 July 1908

Ancestry
See also
Empress of Japan
Ōmiya Palace

Notes
Passage 6:
Eunoë (wife of Bogudes)
Eunoë Maura was the wife of Bogudes, King of Western Mauretania. Her name has also been spelled Euries or Euryes or Eunoa.

Biography
Early life
Eunoë Maura was thought to be descended from Berbers, but her name is Greek so it appears she might have been from there or had Greek ancestry. She was likely of very high status, as she is mentioned by historian Suetonius in the same context as Cleopatra.

Marriage
At an unspecified early date in her marriage to her husband Bogud he mounted an expedition along the Atlantic coast, seemingly venturing into the tropics. When he returned he presented his wife Eunoë with gigantic reeds and asparagus he had found on the journey.She is believed to have been a mistress of Julius Caesar. She may have replaced Cleopatra in Caesar's affections, when he arrived in North Africa prior to the Battle of Thapsus on 6 April 46 BC, the two were among several queens courted by Caesar. It is also possible that they first met in Spain if she accompanied her husband there on a campaign. Only a brief romance for the Roman, both Eunoe and Bogudes profited through gifts bestowed on them by Caesar. Caesar departed from Africa in June 46 BC, five and a half months after he landed.

Cultural depictions
Eunoë and Caesar's affair is greatly exaggerated and expanded on in the Medieval French prose work Faits des Romains. Jeanette Beer in her book A Medieval Caesar states that the Roman general is "transformed into Caesar, the medieval chevalier" in the text, and that the author is more interested in Caesar's sexual dominance over the queen than the political dominance he held over her husband Bogud. The text describes her; "Eunoe was the most beautiful woman in four kingdoms — nevertheless, she was Moorish", which Beer further analysed as being indicative of the fact that it was unimaginable to audiences of the time to believe that a lover of Caesar could be ugly, but that Moors still represented everything that was ugly to them.Eunoë has also been depicted in several novels about Caesar, as well as serialized stories in The Cornhill Magazine. In such fiction her character often serves as a foil for the relationship between Caesar and another woman, mostly Cleopatra, such as in The Memoirs of Cleopatra, The Bloodied Toga and When We Were Gods. In Song of the Nile she also plays a posthumous role as a person of interest for Cleopatra's daughter Selene II who became queen of Mauritania after her.Eunoe has also been depicted in a numismatic drawing by Italian artist and polymath Jacopo Strada, who lived in the 16th century. There is however no archaeological evidence of a coin that bears her name or picture.

See also
Women in ancient Rome
Passage 7:
Catherine Exley
Catherine Exley (1779–1857) was an English diarist. She was the wife of a soldier who accompanied her husband when he served in Portugal, Spain, and Ireland during the Napoleonic Wars. Exley is best known as the author of a diary that gives an account of military life in that era from the viewpoint of the wife of a common soldier.

Background
Catherine Whitaker was born at Leeds in 1779 and married Joshua Exley there in 1806. Between  1805 and 1815, Joshua served in the Second Battalion of the 34th Regiment of Foot, initially as a private and then for a little over two years, as a corporal. Exley accompanied her husband for a substantial portion of this time and in due course wrote an account that is probably unique in that it records and reflects on life in the British Army from the perspective of the wife of a soldier who did not reach the rank of an officer.

The diary
Catherine's diary was first published as a booklet issued shortly after her death. A single copy of the booklet is known to exist, it was also reprinted in The Dewsbury Reporter during August 1923. The text of the diary is included in full in a more recently issued book, edited by Professor Rebecca Probert, along with essays on its military and religious context, the treatment of prisoners of war and the role of women in the British, French and Spanish armed forces during the Peninsular War.
The diary unfolds the hardships that both Catherine and her husband suffered during his military service, including one period when they both wrongly thought that the other had died. There are detailed accounts of the births and deaths of children, the cold, hunger and filthy conditions of military life and the horror of the aftermaths of battles. Details of the author's religious experiences which led her to membership of the Methodist church also appear. Exley wrote the diary during the last 20 years before her death, which took place in 1857 at Batley, Yorkshire.
Passage 8:
Ilona Zrínyi
Countess Ilona Zrínyi (Croatian: Jelena Zrinska, Hungarian: Zrínyi Ilona) (1643, Ozalj – 18 February 1703, Izmit) was a noblewoman and heroine. She was one of the last surviving members of the Croatian-Hungarian Zrinski/Zrínyi noble family. She was the daughter of Petar Zrinski, Ban (viceroy) of Croatia, the niece of both Miklós Zrínyi and Fran Krsto Frankopan and the wife of Francis Rákóczi I and Imre Thököly, as well as the mother of Francis Rákóczi II. She is remembered in history for her Defense of Palanok Castle against the Imperial army in 1685-1688, an act for which she was regarded a heroine in Hungary.

Life
Early years and family
Ilona was born Ilona Zrínyi in Ozalj, present day Croatia. She was the eldest child of Croatian Ban, Peter Zrinyi, and his wife Katarina Zrinyi née Frankopan, a Croatian poet. Later her parents had two daughters, Judita Petronila (1652-1699), and Aurora Veronika (1658-1735), as well as a son, Ivan Antun (1651-1703). Ilona and her siblings were the last generation of descendants of the once-powerful Zrinski family.
From her childhood, she was known for her beauty and good education. There is little information on her schooling; it is known though that she acquired a high level of knowledge within her family, not only from her father and mother, Croatian writers and erudite persons but from her uncle Nikola VII Zrinski as well.

Marriages
On 1 March 1666, she married Francis Rákóczi, with whom she had three children: György, born in 1667, who died in infancy; Julianna, born in 1672; and Ferenc (commonly known as Francis Rákóczi II), born in 1676. On June 8, 1676, not long after Francis II's birth, the elder Francis died. The widowed Ilona requested guardianship of her children and was granted it, against the advice of Emperor Leopold I's advisers and against Francis I's will. In this way she also retained control over the vast Rákóczi estates, which included among them the castles of Regéc, Sárospatak, Makovica, and Munkács. In 1682 she married Imre Thököly and became an active partner in her second husband's Kuruc uprising against the Habsburgs.

Defense of Munkács (Palanok) Castle
After their defeat at the 1683 Battle of Vienna, both the Ottoman forces and Thököly's allied Kuruc fighters had no choice but to retreat, and Thököly quickly lost one Rákóczi castle after another. At the end of 1685, the Imperial army surrounded the last remaining stronghold, Munkacs Castle in today's Ukraine. Ilona Zrínyi alone defended the castle for three years (1685–1688) against the forces of General Antonio Caraffa.

Internment, exile and death
After the recapture of Buda, the situation became untenable, and on 17 January 1688, Ilona had no choice but to surrender the castle, with the understanding that the defenders would receive amnesty from the Emperor, and that the Rákóczi estates would remain in her children's name. Under this agreement, she and her children traveled immediately to Vienna, where in violation of the pact the children were taken from her. Ilona lived until 1691 in the convent of the Ursulines, where her daughter Julianna was also raised. Her son Francis was immediately taken to the Jesuit school in Neuhaus.
At the time, her husband, Thököly, was still fighting with his Kuruc rebels against the Habsburg army in Upper Hungary. When Habsburg General Heisler was captured by Thököly, a prisoner exchange was arranged, and Ilona joined her husband in Transylvania. In 1699, however, after the Treaty of Karlowitz was signed, both spouses, having found themselves on the losing side, had to go into exile in the Ottoman Empire. The countess lived in Galata, district of Constantinople, and later in Izmit, where she died on 18 February 1703. She was buried in the French church of Saint Benoit in Galata.

Descendants
From her first marriage with Francis Rákóczi, Ilona had three children:

György (1667–1667)
Julianna Borbála (September 1672 – 1717); married Count Ferdinand Gobert von Aspremont-Lynden (1643-1708)
Francis II (27 March 1676 – 8 April 1735)From her second marriage with Imre Thököly, Ilona had three children, all of whom died at a young age (including one she was pregnant with during the siege of Munkács).

Legacy
Ilona Zrínyi is celebrated in Croatia and Hungary as one of the greatest national heroines, patriots and fighters for freedom, who opposed, although unsuccessfully, the autocracy and absolutism aspirations of the Habsburgs. Her even more famous son Francis II Rákóczi continued the struggle for the independence of Hungary (1703–1711).
In October 1906 the remains of the Croatian countess were reinterred with her son's in the St Elisabeth Cathedral in present-day Košice, Slovakia.

Honors
Postage stamp issued by Hungary on 28 September 1952.

See also
House of Zrinski
Zrinski family tree
Zrinski–Frankopan conspiracy
Kuruc
Rákóczi's War for Independence
Wesselényi conspiracy
Passage 9:
Artaynte
Artaynte (f. 478 BC), was the wife of the Crown Prince Darius.

Life
Daughter of an unnamed woman and Prince Masistes, a marshall of the armies during the invasion of Greece in 480-479 BC, and the brother of King Xerxes I.
During the Greek campaign Xerxes developed a passionate desire for the wife of Masistes, but she would constantly resist and would not bend to his will. Upon his return to Sardis, the king endeavoured to bring about the marriage of his son Daris to Artaynte, the daughter of this woman the wife of Masistes, supposing that by doing so he could obtain her more easily.
After moving to Susa he brought Artaynte to the royal house with him for his son Daris, but fell in love with her himself, and after obtaining her they became lovers. 
At the behest of Xerxes, Artaynte committed adultery with him (Xerxes). When queen Amestris found out, she did not seek revenge against Artaynte, but against her mother, Masistes' wife, as Amestris thought that it was her connivance. On Xerxes' birthday, Amestris sent for his guards and mutilated Masistes' wife by cutting off her breasts and threw them to dogs, and her nose and ears and lips also, and cutting out her tongue as well. On seeing this, Masistes fled to Bactria to start a revolt, but was intercepted by Xerxes' army who killed him and his sons.
Passage 10:
Hafsa Hatun
Hafsa Hatun (Ottoman Turkish: حفصه خاتون, "young lioness") was a Turkish princess, and a consort of Bayezid I, Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.

Life
Hafsa Hatun was the daughter of Isa Bey, the ruler of the Aydinids. She was married to Bayezid in 1390, upon his conquest of the Aydinids. Her father had surrendered without a fight, and a marriage was arranged between her and Bayezid. Thereafter, Isa was sent into exile in Iznik, shorn of his power, where he subsequently died. Her marriage strengthened the bonds between the two families.

Charities
Hafsa Hatun's public works are located within her father's territory and may have been built before she married Bayezid. She commissioned a fountain in Tire city and a Hermitage in Bademiye, and a mosque known as "Hafsa Hatun Mosque" between 1390 and 1392 from the money she received in her dowry.

See also
Ottoman dynasty
Ottoman Empire
Answers: ['Ozalj']
Length: 4696
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: musique
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Who plays the wife of the producer of Here Comes the Boom in Grown Ups?
Context: Passage 1:
Grown Ups (film)
Grown Ups is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Adam Sandler and Fred Wolf, produced by Sandler and Jack Giarraputo, and starring Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Rob Schneider, Salma Hayek, Maria Bello, and Maya Rudolph. The film tells a story of five lifelong friends who won their junior high school basketball championship in 1978. They reunite three decades later for a 4th of July weekend after learning about the sudden death of their basketball coach.
Produced by Sandler's Happy Madison Productions in association with Relativity Media, Grown Ups was released in the United States on June 25, 2010, by Columbia Pictures. Despite receiving unfavorable reviews from critics, it grossed $272 million and led to a sequel, Grown Ups 2, in 2013.

Plot
In 1978, childhood friends Lenny Feder, Eric Lamonsoff, Kurt McKenzie, Marcus Higgins, and Rob Hilliard win their junior high basketball championship. They celebrate at a lake house with their coach Robert "Buzzer" Ferdinando.
Thirty years later in 2008, Lenny is a wealthy and successful Hollywood talent agent, married to fashion designer Roxanne and has three children: Greg, Keith, and Becky. Eric claims to co-own a lawn furniture company and has two children: Donna and Bean; his wife Sally still breastfeeds Bean. Kurt is a stay-at-home father, and has two children: Andre and Charlotte, his wife Deanne is pregnant with their third child, and her mother Ronzoni lives with them. Marcus is a slacker and lothario. Rob is married to his much older fourth wife Gloria.
When Buzzer dies, the five friends reunite for his funeral in their hometown with their families. Lenny rents the Earnshaw family's lake house for everyone to stay over Fourth of July weekend, though his family is leaving early to attend Roxanne's fashion show in Milan. He pushes his boys to play outside and runs into his childhood opponent Dickie, who claims Lenny's foot was out of bounds when he made the winning shot.
As the friends spread Buzzer's ashes, Rob breaks down over his failed marriages and reveals that he has invited his estranged daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget to visit. The men play “arrow roulette”, shooting an arrow straight into the air, and Rob wins by not running for cover, but the arrow impales his left foot, causing him to 'snap' at Gloria from the pain. 
Lenny is thrilled to find the kids playing with cup-and-string telephones. Realizing the positive impact the weekend is having on their children, Roxanne tells Lenny to cancel their Milan trip and stay at the lake instead.
Everyone visits Water Wizz where Marcus flirts with Jasmine and Amber after buying them skimpy bikinis, and Eric teaches Bean to drink cow's milk. The families cause chaos throughout the park: the wives attract a bodybuilder, then jeer at his high-pitched Canadian accent; Rob assaults a slide attendant when he insults Bridget, and Eric ignores Donna's warning about a chemical in the pool that turns urine blue. At the zipline attraction, Lenny's group meets up with Dickie, accompanied by his former teammates. One of them, Wiley, is severely injured after crashing into a shed while sliding down the zipline using his feet.
The next day, Rob attacks Marcus, mistakenly believing that he slept with Jasmine, and Marcus admits to feeling insecure compared to his happily married friends. Everyone comes clean about the state of their lives: Roxanne confronts Lenny for canceling their flight to Milan before they left home, and he explains he wanted their family to have a normal vacation and to rein in his children's respectful attitudes; Deanne confronts Kurt for spending time with the Feders' nanny Rita, but Kurt retaliates by pointing out how she under-appreciates him; Eric reveals that he was laid off from his job, and was showing off the whole time so the others wouldn't humiliate him; Rob admits what everybody already knows – that he wears a toupee. Gloria helps everyone reconcile, and Lenny and Kurt offer to help Eric start a new business.
On their last day at the lake house, Lenny and his friends agree to a rematch against Dickie, Robideaux, Muzby, Tardio, and Malcolm. The game culminates in Lenny and Greg facing Dickie and his son, but Lenny misses the game-deciding shot. As the families watch the Fourth of July fireworks, Lenny tells Roxanne that he let Dickie's family win to get him off his case, and felt that his own family needed to know what losing feels like. A drunken Marcus plays another game of arrow roulette, and the crowd flees in panic. Trapped in a full-body cast, Wiley is struck in the foot by the arrow.

Cast
Production
Sandler, Rock, Schneider, and Spade met when they all joined the cast of Saturday Night Live in the 1990–1991 season; supporting cast members Colin Quinn, Rudolph, Tim Meadows, and Norm Macdonald have also been SNL cast members.
Filming commenced in Essex County, Massachusetts, in August 2009. Chebacco Lake was used to portray the fictional Amoskeag Lake where the Earnshaw family's lake house setting was. Woodman's of Essex was used for the restaurant "Woodman's Eat in the Rough. Water Wizz was also used for the water park scene.

Release
Box office
Grown Ups grossed $162 million in the United States and $110.2 million in other territories for a worldwide gross of $272.2 million against a production budget of $75 million. Grown Ups surpassed Click to become Sandler's highest-grossing film worldwide. Happy with the gross, Adam Sandler showed his appreciation by buying brand-new Maserati sports cars for his four co-stars.

Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, Grown Ups has an approval rating of 10% based on 169 reviews and an average rating of 3.5/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Grown Ups' cast of comedy vets is amiable, but they're let down by flat direction and the scattershot, lowbrow humor of a stunted script." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 30 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.Connie Ogle of the Miami Herald referred to it as "the perfect poster child for this maddening summer of movie mediocrity." Rick Groen of The Globe and Mail criticized what he saw as blatant commercialism, saying the cast "lob[bed] gags they surely disdain at an audience they probably despise while reserving their own laughter for that off-camera dash all the way to the bank." Richard Roeper went as far as to say that it was "a blight upon the bright canvas of American cinema", and that he hated it. Tom Long of the Detroit News called it "trite comedy" and "total garbage." On the other end of the spectrum, Lisa Kennedy of the Denver Post called it "crude and decent-hearted" and "easy, breezy, predictable."

Awards
Rob Schneider was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor for the film, but lost to Jackson Rathbone for both The Last Airbender and The Twilight Saga: Eclipse.The film won at the 2011 MTV Movie Awards for the "Best Line from a Movie" category, which it won for the line "I want to get chocolate wasted!", delivered by Becky, played by Alexys Nycole Sanchez.

Home media
Grown Ups was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on November 9, 2010.

Sequel
A sequel, titled Grown Ups 2, was released on July 12, 2013. Dennis Dugan, the director of the first film, returned as director. The main cast, including Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Salma Hayek, Maya Rudolph, Maria Bello and Steve Buscemi reprised their roles, except Rob Schneider. New cast includes Andy Samberg, Taylor Lautner and Patrick Schwarzenegger. The sequel follows Lenny Feder as he relocates his family back to the small town where he and his friends grew up.  Like its predecessor, Grown Ups 2 received very poor reviews but was still a box office hit.
Passage 2:
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (released in the United States and Canada as Nanny McPhee Returns) is a 2010 period fantasy comedy film directed by Susanna White, produced by Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner and Lindsay Doran with music by James Newton Howard and co-produced by StudioCanal, Relativity Media, Working Title Films and Three Strange Angels. It is a sequel to the 2005 film Nanny McPhee. It was adapted by Emma Thompson from Christianna Brand's Nurse Matilda books. Thompson reprises her role as Nanny McPhee, and the film also stars Maggie Gyllenhaal, Ralph Fiennes, Rhys Ifans, Ewan McGregor, Asa Butterfield and Maggie Smith. The film was theatrically released on 20 August 2010 by Universal Pictures.
The film received positive reviews from critics and it earned $93.2 million on a $35 million budget. It also received a Young Artist Award nomination for Best Performance in a Feature Film. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the UK on 19 June 2010.

Plot
Isabel Green is driven to her wit's end by her hectic life while her husband Rory fights in World War II. Between trying to keep the family farm up and running and her job in the village shop, run by the slightly mad Mrs. Docherty, she also has three boisterous children to look after, Norman, Megsie and Vincent. When her children's two wealthy, but pompous and snobby city cousins, Cyril and Celia, are evacuated to live with them in the countryside, they start fighting with them, only adding to Isabel's problems.
When the magical Nanny McPhee arrives to help, the children at first do not listen and carry on fighting, which she soon puts a stop to with her magic. Meanwhile, Isabel's brother-in-law Phil has gambled away his half of the farm, and is being chased by two hired female assassins working for casino owner Mrs. Biggles. He desperately attempts to make Isabel sell her half of the farm, using mean and spiteful schemes to leave her no choice; one of the schemes, setting loose a litter of piglets to be sold to a neighbouring farmer, is discovered by the children, leading them to bond as they work together to fix it. Isabel takes everyone on a picnic as a show of thanks, during which Mrs. Docherty's ARP Warden husband warns them about bombs and relates how he imagines a pilot might accidentally release one, and Phil subsequently delivers a telegram saying Rory was killed in action. Everyone believes the news except Norman, who is sure his father is alive because he "can feel it in [his] bones". He tells this to Cyril, who at first thinks he is just upset, but then agrees that Norman might be right; the two convince Nanny McPhee to take them to the War Office in London, where Cyril and Celia's father Lord Gray holds an important position, believing he will know the truth.
At first Lord Gray sneers at Norman's disbelief at his father's death, but after Cyril reveals that he knows he is divorcing their mother and blasts him for his neglect as a parent, Lord Gray investigates what has happened. While he is gone, Norman asks Cyril where he will live following the divorce; upon learning he rarely sees either of his parents, he says that he and Celia are welcome to live permanently with the Greens. Lord Gray returns and tells Norman that his father is merely missing in action, and that there is no record of a telegram being sent to his mother. After the boys leave, Norman deduces that Phil forged the telegram.
While the older boys are at the War Office, Megsie, Celia and Vincent try to stop Isabel from signing Phil's papers and selling the farm by creating distractions such as pretending that a mouse was in the kitchen. Just as she is about to finally do so, a German pilot accidentally drops a huge bomb on the Greens' barley field; it does not explode, but the fallout is strong enough to cover Phil's papers with ink. When Nanny McPhee, Norman and Cyril return, Phil admits to Norman's accusation of forgery and is handcuffed to the stove by Isabel. The children go out to watch Mr. Docherty defuse the bomb, but when he faints, Megsie takes over, succeeding with the help of the other children and Nanny McPhee's jackdaw friend Mr. Edelweiss. Nanny McPhee helps to harvest the barley with a little magic, saving Phil from Mrs. Biggles' hitwomen in the process. While everyone celebrates, Mrs. Docherty is revealed to be baby Agatha from the first film and to remember Nanny McPhee, who has been staying with her. As Nanny McPhee walks away from the now-happy Isabel and the children, they chase after her, only to see Rory, with an injured arm, making his way back to them. He runs to his family and they embrace.
In a mid-credits scene, Ellie, an elephant conjured by Nanny McPhee to share Vincent's bed, is seen enjoying the magically operated Scratch-o-matic invented for the piglets.

Cast
Emma Thompson as Nanny McPhee, the  nanny who changes the lives of the Green and Gray children.
Maggie Gyllenhaal as Isabel Green (née Carrington), the frazzled mother of Norman, Megsie and Vincent.
Rhys Ifans as Phil Green, Norman, Megsie and Vincent's uncle, Rory's brother and Isabel's brother-in-law, who tries to sell the farm because he gambled it away at a casino.
Asa Butterfield as Norman Green, the eldest of the Green children.
Lil Woods as Megan “Megsie” Green, the middle and only girl of the Green children.
Oscar Steer as Vincent Green, the youngest of the Green children.
Eros Vlahos as Cyril Gray, the spoiled cousin of Norman, Megsie and Vincent. He becomes kinder throughout the film and makes friends with Norman.
Rosie Taylor-Ritson as Celia Gray, the other spoiled cousin of Norman, Megsie and Vincent. She also becomes kinder throughout the film and makes friends with Megsie.
Maggie Smith as Agatha Rose Docherty (née Brown), the owner of the shop at which Mrs. Green works. She's baby Aggie from the first film grown up.
Ewan McGregor as Rory Green, Isabel's husband, Phil's brother and the father of the Greens, away fighting in World War II.
Ralph Fiennes as Lord Gray, Cyril and Celia's father, a General very high up in the War Office.
Sam Kelly as Mr. Algernon Docherty, Mrs. Docherty's husband, who's an ARP (Air Raid Precautions) Warden.
Sinead Matthews as Miss Topsey, a henchwoman of Mrs. Biggles, the woman who owns the casino at which Phil gambled the farm away.
Katy Brand as Miss Turvey, the colleague of Miss Topsey.
Bill Bailey as Farmer MacReadie, the farmer who buys the piglets from the Greens.
Nonso Anozie as Sergeant Ralph Jeffreys - the guard at the War Office, and a former charge of Nanny McPhee.
Daniel Mays as Blenkinsop - Cyril and Celia's chauffeur.
Ed Stoppard as Lieutenant Addis, a coworker of Lord Gray.
Toby Sedgwick as an enemy plane pilot.

Production
Filming locations
The village in the film is Hambleden in Buckinghamshire, the farm set and scenes were filmed in Hascombe, near Godalming in Surrey and the War Office scenes, both interior and exterior, were filmed at the University of London, and the motorbike scenes on various London roads.Dunsfold Aerodrome, the location of Top Gear, name Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang as being filmed there, with more filming taking place at Shepperton Studios.

Release
Theatrical
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang was theatrically released on 20 August 2010 by Universal Pictures (2 April 2010 in the UK).

Home media
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the UK on 19 June 2010. Nanny McPhee Returns, as the film was renamed for the North American market, was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 14 December 2010.

Other media
Emma Thomson wrote a novelization of the movie. Thomson narrated its audiobook and included a behind-the-scenes diary. Thomson won the Audie Award for Narration by the Author and was nominated for an Audie Award for Middle Grade Title and a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children for her narration

Reception
Critical response
Critical response for the film was positive. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating of 75% based on 121 reviews. The site's critic consensus reads: "Emma Thompson's second labor of love with the Nanny McPhee character actually improves on the first, delivering charming family fare with an excellent cast." Metacritic calculated an average score of 52 out of 100 based on 25 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A-" on an A+ to F scale. The Independent also gave a favourable review, with praise given to the actors and Thompson's script."

Box office
In the UK, the film opened at number one, with £2,586,760, outperforming new release The Blind Side, grossing a total of £16,211,057. In the United States and Canada, it debuted in seventh position with a $8.4 million. Gross exceeded $27 million.

Awards
Cancelled sequel
A third film, to be set in 21st-century England, was planned, but the sequel did not meet studio expectations and plans for any future films were cancelled.
Passage 3:
Here Comes the Boom
Here Comes the Boom is a 2012 American sports comedy film directed by Frank Coraci, co-written, produced by, and starring Kevin James as a biology teacher who attempts to save his school's music program by becoming an MMA fighter. It was also written by Allan Loeb with music by Rupert Gregson-Williams. The film co-stars Henry Winkler and Salma Hayek. It was produced by Happy Madison Productions. The film was released in the United States on October 12, 2012, by Columbia Pictures. The film's title is taken from the song "Boom" by Christian nu-metal band P.O.D.

Plot
Former Division I collegiate wrestler Scott Voss is a 42-year-old bored and disillusioned biology teacher at the failing Wilkinson High School. Budget cutbacks at the school jeopardize the continuation of its music program, which would result in its teacher, Marty Streb, being laid off. Concerned for both his colleague and his students, Scott attempts to raise the $48,000 necessary to keep the music program. He moonlights as a night instructor for an adult citizenship class, where student Niko requests outside tutoring. When Scott arrives at Niko's apartment, he learns that Niko is a former MMA fighter. While watching the UFC at Niko's apartment, Scott learns that the loser of a fight receives $10,000, which gives him the idea of raising the money by fighting and losing in MMA.
Scott, helped by Niko and Marty, begins with small unsanctioned bouts paying only $750 to the loser. Niko begins training him in defense, later adding trainer Mark to teach offense, after Scott knocks out opponent "Lucky" Patrick Murray and realizes that wins give larger payouts, needing fewer fights to achieve his goal. While Marty trains with Scott, Malia De La Cruz, one of Scott's students and a band member, helps Niko study for his citizenship test by putting the information into songs. Scott then begins fighting in small MMA fights and gradually gains greater amounts of money for the school.
Scott has been pursuing the school nurse, Bella Flores, and they share moments flirting with each other, while also rekindling Scott's passion for teaching. He begins to engage the class and earns the respect of his students. Scott is within $6,000 of his goal when Mark tells him that Niko turned down a sanctioned UFC fight offered by Joe Rogan, with the certainty of earning $10,000 for a loss. Scott confronts Niko, who apologizes and admits he turned it down because he was jealous as he was once asked to fight at the UFC but suffered a neck injury while training, ending his career. Scott and Niko accept the offer, and they travel to the MGM Grand Las Vegas for the fight. The night he arrives, Bella calls Scott to tell him that the school's vice principal Robert Elkins has been arrested for embezzling from the school, including Scott's winnings. All Scott's efforts have been in vain, and he decides he must win the fight and the $50,000.
The publicity of Scott's rise to fame has grown, and the school's band appears in the stands to play his theme song, "Holly Holy" by Neil Diamond, thanks to Bella contacting Rogan. During the fight, Marty reminds the losing Scott that even if he does not win, he has inspired the students, which is their real purpose as teachers. Scott has no answer to his dangerous opponent Ken Dietrich, who is angered that his original opponent canceled and that he is stuck with a man that "does not deserve" to be fighting at the UFC. Scott struggles to survive the first two rounds, but after finding inspiration from the students, he manages to win in the third and final round of the fight, earning $50,000 and Dietrich's respect. Scott and Bella kiss through the chain link fence of the ring.
In the closing scene, the music program is saved, the school is operating on a normal budget thanks to Scott's donation and Niko and all of the students in Scott's citizenship class attend their American citizenship ceremony.

Cast
Production
Filming began on March 28, 2011, in and around the Boston, Massachusetts, area. Filming continued on through May 25, 2011, in Lowell and Quincy, Massachusetts, where it wrapped shortly thereafter, by early June 2011.

Music
"Holly Holy" – versions by Neil Diamond and Charice are heard in the film
"Bouncing off the Ceiling (Upside Down)" by A-Teens
"Joker & the Thief" by Wolfmother
"Optimus Bellum Domitor" by Sak, Williams and Welch
"Boom" by P.O.D.
"Spank" by Jimmy "Bo" Horne
"James Brown Is Dead" by L.A. Style
"New Noise" by Refused
"Holly Holy" by Neil Diamond
"Faithfully" by Journey
"Holly Holy (NSFW Remix)" by Neil Diamond ft. UltraLove
"Pictures" by Joseph Anderson
"I Stand Alone" by Godsmack
"Doin' It Right (Delta Mix)" by Steve Azar

Release
DVD was released in Region 1 in the United States on February 5, 2013, and also Region 2 in the United Kingdom on 18 March 2013, it was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Reception
Box office
In its opening weekend, the movie earned $11.8 million in the domestic box office and ended its box office run with $73 million worldwide.

Critical reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 42% based on 98 reviews, and an average rating of 5/10. The website's consensus reads, "Here Comes the Boom benefits from Kevin James's genial presence, but the film doesn't deliver enough laughs to live up to its title – or enough satisfying plot to make up the difference." On Metacritic the film has a score of 40 out of 100, based on reviews from 26 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.USA Today's Scott Bowles says the film "telegraphs every punch ... but when the comedy connects, it can deliver with funny force". He says, "The film suffers from too many side stories, but it does a nice job capturing the heavyweight battles of everyday folk." 
Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune writes: "Once it gets going and commits to its time-worn inspirational formula, it's not half-bad." Neil Genzlinger of The New York Times wrote: "If you can choke down the implausible notion that the doughy Kevin James would last more than five seconds in a mixed martial arts ring, Here Comes the Boom is a moderately enjoyable, nontaxing sort of comedy."John Anderson of Variety magazine wrote: "Hands of stone meet heads of air in Here Comes the Boom, a sports story so daffy it may as well star Kevin James." He called the film "a triumph of recycling" comparing it to Rocky. Anderson is critical of the different clashing tones of the film, but calls the characters likable, and writes the "violence adds a frisson of tension to the pic’s mix of grappling, romance and anemic social critique."Entertainment Weekly's Lisa Schwarzbaum called it "A cloddish, harmlessly drecky comedy from the Sandler factory of crude mush."
Nathan Rabin of The A.V. Club wrote: "Here Comes The Boom seems to have made it from the pitch stage - Kevin James does MMA to save his school or something! - to the big screen without an iota of inspiration, ambition, or personality seeping in at any juncture."
Marc Savlov of the Austin Chronicle wrote: ""Here Comes the Bomb" would've been a more fitting title, but props to Henry Winkler for rising to the occasion and turning in a sweet, idealistic performance in a film that otherwise feels like a tawdry commercial for the UFC and MMA."

Awards and nominations
Here Comes the Boom was chosen as one of ten best films for family audiences by the 21st Annual Movieguide Awards on February 15, 2013.
Passage 4:
Sau Crore
Sau Crore (lit. 'Hundred crores') is a 1991 Indian film starring, produced and directed by Dev Anand. It also debuts newcomers Fatima Sheikh and Raman Kapoor. The movie is based on the story of Indian Badminton Player Syed Modi, who was shot dead on 28 July 1988 in Lucknow as he came out of the K. D. Singh Babu Stadium after a practice session. The murder sent shock waves through India, especially after the police filed murder charges against Modi's wife Ameeta Modi and her lover (and future husband) Raja Sanjay Singh of Amethi, who was a prominent politician belonging to the Congress Party. The role of Syed Modi was played by Raman Kapoor and the politician was played by (Naseeruddin Shah).

Plot
After her husband Raj (Raman Kapoor) is murdered, Kamlesh (Fatima Sheikh) receives a shock and doesn't speak for days. The cause of this is that she indeed witnessed her husband's murder. But who did murder Raj? Was it really the politician Somnath (Naseeruddin Shah) who fell in love with Kamlesh and wanted to marry her? Was it a plot created by Somnath's rival candidate Mohanbhai (Anupam Kher) to win the elections? Or was it Kamlesh herself who wanted to leave Raj and run off with Somnath? It's up to CBI Inspector Kumar (Dev Anand) to find out.

Music
Lyrics: Suraj Sanim

External links
Sau Crore at IMDb
Passage 5:
Galate Samsara
Galate Samsara (transl. Chaotic family) is a 1977 Indian Kannada language comedy film directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by C. Jayaram. It stars Dr.Vishnuvardhan, Rajinikanth and Manjula in the lead roles. It also stars Dwarakish, Dr. K S Ashwath, Balakrishna and Vajramuni in supporting roles. The movie is a remake of Tamil movie Veettuku Veedu which was based on the play Thikku Theriyatha Veettil which in turn was an adaptation of the English comedy play Right Bed Wrong Husband. The Marathi adaptation of the same English play titled Pati Sagle Uchapati was adapted into a Kannada titled Housefull. Further, the Marathi play was also adapted in Hindi as All The Best which was remade in Malayalam as Best of Luck which in turn went on to be remade in Kannada as Ond Chance Kodi.

Plot
Vasudevan (Dr.Vishnuvardhan) is rich businessman Kadikalingam's son. Vasu is fearful of his father, because Kadikalingam is a very strict man. He works at his father's company as General Manager. He is in love with a young bold woman Malathy. But Kadikalingam strictly opposes this love, so Vasu leaves his home and registers for marriage to Malathy. The couple is tenant to Kala's house. She is Malathy's close friend and her husband is Balu (Rajinikanth). He has a close relationship with another woman Prameela, who is a stage dancer. Kala feels unhappy about her married life. Balu has been avoiding Kala lately since his infidelity with Prameela. Balu is physically abusive towards his wife. Malathy warns Balu to stay away from Prameela and to be sincere to his wife. Balu signs the divorce papers and leaves his wife and starts staying at his girlfriends house.
Meanwhile, Balu's paternal uncle died in an accident and had named him as the next in kin in the will. They intend laying their hand on 2 lakhs cash. In a moment of crisis, Malathy is forced to make her husband Vasu pose as Kala's husband Balu. Pattusamy is manager Paramanandham's son, who works as a music teacher. Pattusamy and Paramanandham come to Kala's house and spend a week with her at her home. Pattusamy falls in love with Malathy. He tries to impress her. Pattusamy is always standing in front of Malathy's room watching her.
Prameela finds a richer businessman than Balu and kicks him out. Balu who sees Vasu and Kala's photo published in a newspaper for a soap company advertisement, goes home and argues with Vasu and Malathy. Then Malathy briefly explains the house's situation. Balu claims to hear the truth and also joins the drama.
Next day, Balu introduces himself to Paramanandham as Ramesh, Malathy's brother from Sri Lanka. Pattusamy closely watches the house and the peoples' activities because he thinks there is something fishy with the members of the house. He tells his suspicion to his father, but Paramandham does not believe his son. Unfortunately, Kadigalingam reaches Vasu's rented house and calls Kala for our home. Then, Kala and Malathy was explained the truth and Kadikalingam understood Malathy is his daughter-in-law's and mistress of Vasu. Pattusamy and his father hear the news. They are explained the crisis situation and then Paramandham gives the cash into Kala and Balu's hands. Finally Malathy succeeds in her plan and Pattusamy was asked to apologize to Malathy.

Cast
Dr. Vishnuvardhan as Vasudev Rao
Manjula as Janaki - Janu
Rajinikanth as Balu
Shubha as Kaveri
Halam
Baby Rekha as Prameela
Balakrishna
Dwarakish
K. S. Ashwath
Vajramuni

Soundtrack
Passage 6:
Greetings from the Shore
Greetings From The Shore is a 2007 American coming-of-age romantic comedy film directed by Greg Chwerchak. The movie has played over 60 festivals, winning over 20 awards. It had its American theatrical release on September 12, 2008, on a limited basis.The film is set (and was shot) on the New Jersey shore, mainly in Lavallette.

Plot
Still reeling from the death of her father, a young girl spends one last summer at the Jersey Shore before heading off to college. But when her plans fall apart, the girl stumbles into a mysterious world of Russian sailors, high-stakes gambling, and unexpected love.

Cast
Kim Shaw as Jenny Chambers
Paul Sorvino as Catch Turner
David Fumero as Benicio Aceveda
Jay O. Sanders as Commodore Callaghan
Andrew Shaifer as Flip Dooley
Lars Arentz-Hansen as Lars Ramkildestrom
Gideon Emery as Sasha Mientkiewicz
Ron Geren as Christos Zazavich
Cristin Milioti as Didi
Alexander Cendese as Owen Callaghan

Reception
Critical response
When the film was released Neil Genzlinger, the film critic of The New York Times, was critical of the actors experience, writing, "The problem with having a big-name actor in your small film is that he tends to underscore the inexperience of some of your other stars. That’s the effect Paul Sorvino has in Greetings From the Shore, a watchable-enough summer-at-the-beach tale billed as Gabrielle Berberich’s first feature as writer and producer...until Mr. Sorvino, a real actor and a good one, shows up. He plays a down-on-his-luck fisherman who takes the girl under his wing, and he makes Ms. Shaw and some of the other cast members look like amateurs. The director, Greg Chwerchak (who also gets a writing credit), doesn’t help; he allows several secondary characters to become thudding clichés, trampling the delicate story."Film critics Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat of the web based Spirituality & Practice, discussed the basic theme of the film, "Jenny's summer teaches her to go with the flow when her life plan is upset. She also learns that the universe is set up in such a felicitous way that when a door closes, a window opens."Critic David Hiltbrand liked the film, writing, "It's a formulaic and familiar plot, the Jersey girl version of The Flamingo Kid. But it unfolds smoothly, thanks to Greg Chwerchak's focused direction. And the water down on Barnegat Inlet Island looks oddly idyllic on film. Greetings From the Shore is well-acted, including by newcomer Shaw, who has an appealing, wide-eyed innocence reminiscent of a young Meg Ryan. This is a two-hankie weeper that doesn't really earn its tears. But it's a sweet little movie nonetheless."

Awards
Wins

Bare Bones International Film Festival, 2008 - Won, Festival Recognition: Instrumental Score - Jim Latham
Columbus International Film & Video Festival, 2007 - Won, Bronze Plaque Award: Entertainment - Greg Chwerchak
Great Lakes Film Festival, 2007 - Won, Grand Jury Prize: Best Narrative Feature; Best of the Fest; Best Director - Greg Chwerchak; Best Lead Actress - Kim Shaw
Red Rock Film Festival, 2007 - Won, Audience Award: Best Narrative Feature - Gabrielle Berberich, Greg Chwerchak
Wild Rose Independent Film Festival, 2007 - Won, WRIFF Award: Best Acting Ensemble, Best Screenplay, Best Feature, Best Director of a Feature, Certificate of Distinctive Achievement: Best Sound, Best Cinematography/Videography, Best Actress, Best Actor, Best Editing
Fargo Film Festival, 2008 - Won, Best Narrative Feature, Best Screenplay - Gabrielle Berberich, Greg Chwerchak
Garden State Film Festival, 2008 - Won, Audience Award: Pick of the Flicks; Home Grown Award: Best Feature - Gabrielle Berberich, Greg Chwerchak
George Lindsey UNA Film Festival, 2008 - Won, Honorable Mention: Professional Full-Length Feature
Tupelo Film Festival, 2008 - 2nd Place, Festival Prize: Best Feature - Gabrielle Berberich, Greg Chwerchak
WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival, 2008 - Won, Special Jury Award: Best Feature - Gabrielle Berberich, Greg Chwerchak
Passage 7:
Sylvia Fine
Sylvia Fine Kaye (August 29, 1913 – October 28, 1991) was an American lyricist, composer, and producer. Many of her compositions and productions were performed by her husband, comedian Danny Kaye. Fine was a Peabody Award-winner and was nominated for two Academy Awards and two Emmys during her career. She won an Emmy award in 1976 for children's special.

Early life
Sylvia Fine was born in Brooklyn, New York, the youngest of three children of a Jewish dentist, and raised in East New York. She attended Thomas Jefferson High School and studied music at Brooklyn College, where she wrote the music for the school's alma mater, with lyrics from the poet Robert Friend.

Career and Danny Kaye
She was working as an audition pianist when she met Danny Kaye; both were working on a short-lived Broadway show, The Straw Hat Revue. Fine wrote the lyrics and music for the show. Although the pair had never met before, they discovered some things in common.  They were both born in Brooklyn, and Kaye had once worked for Fine's father, watching his office while the dentist went to lunch. Dr. Fine had fired his future son-in-law for doing woodworking with his dental drills.He proposed on the telephone while working in Florida; Fine was in New York. She made the trip to Fort Lauderdale where they were married on January 3, 1940.She took a direct role in managing her husband's career and wrote many of his songs for him, both in film and recordings.  Those for the film The Court Jester were co-written with Sammy Cahn. She was an associate producer of some of the films. Fine received a Peabody Award in 1980, and during her career she was also nominated for two Oscars and two Emmys. She began working in television production with her husband's 1960s television shows.The New York Times reported, "In the 1970s, [Fine] embarked on a separate career as a television producer and teacher. She began teaching musical comedy at the University of Southern California in 1971 and at Yale in 1975. She produced and narrated the course as a 90-minute PBS program Musical Comedy Tonight (eventually a three-part series), earning her a Peabody Award in 1979.In 1975 she was executive producer for the television special "Danny Kaye: Look in at the Metropolitan opera."She produced and edited Assignment Children, a UNICEF film that starred her husband. In the last three years of her life, she had been writing a book about her life with Kaye, Fine and Danny, for Knopf Books.

Personal life
Fine and Kaye had a daughter, Dena (born December 17, 1946). They separated in September 1947, attributing the separation to "two people working very hard." They reunited seven months later, and remained married until his death in 1987.
In 1992, her daughter Dena Kaye was quoted in a newspaper article, recalling Fine's advice to her and the influence it had in her life. Both Fine and Kaye were determined not to influence their daughter's choices as she grew up. In a 1954 interview, Kaye stated that "Whatever she (Dena) wants to be she will be without interference from her mother nor from me." Dena grew up to become a journalist.

Death
Sylvia Fine Kaye died of emphysema at the age of 78 in her Manhattan apartment in 1991. She is buried with her husband at Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.

Legacy
The careers of Fine and Kaye are documented in The Danny Kaye and Sylvia Fine Collection at the Library of Congress. The materials preserved in the collection include manuscripts, scores, scripts, photographs, sound recordings, and video clips.

Selected list of Sylvia Fine songs
"Anatole of Paris" from The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (1947)
"The Inspector General" and "Happy Times" (Johnny Green, Sylvia Fine) from The Inspector General (1949)
"The Moon Is Blue" (Herschel Burke Gilbert, Sylvia Fine) from The Moon Is Blue (1953) - Oscar nominee, Best Original Song
"Knock on Wood" from Knock on Wood (1954)
"(You'll Never) Outfox the Fox" (Sammy Cahn, Sylvia Fine) from The Court Jester (1956)
"The Five Pennies" from The Five Pennies (1959) - Oscar nominee, Best Original Song 
"Lullaby in Ragtime," also from The Five Pennies
Passage 8:
Marius Weyers
Marius Weyers (born 3 February 1945, in Johannesburg) is a South African actor. He lives with his wife Yvette, an artist in her own right, in Rooi-Els in the Western Cape. He received international attention playing Andrew Steyn, a bumbling scientist in the movie The Gods Must Be Crazy (1980). He appeared in Blood Diamond (2006).

Selected filmography
1967 Love Nights in the Taiga as Markjoff
1974 No Gold for a Dead Diver as Rene Chagrin
1977 Target of an Assassin as Colonel Pahler
1980 The Gods Must Be Crazy as Andrew Steyn
1982 Gandhi as Train Conductor
1988 Thieves of Fortune as Unknown
1989 DeepStar Six as Dr. John Van Gelder
1989 Farewell to the King as Sergeant Conklin
1989 Happy Together as Denny Dollenbacher
1989 Jewel of the Gods as Snowy Grinder
1992 The Power of One as Professor Daniel Marais
1992 Golden Girls as Derek
1993 Bopha! as Van Tonder
1997 Paljas as Hendrik MacDonald
2003 Stander as General Francois Jacobus Stander, Andre Stander's Father
2005 The Triangle as Karl Sheedy
2006 Blood Diamond as Rudolf Van de Kaap
Woestynblom (TV series) as Jerry F.
2013 Nothing for Mahala as Hendrik Botha
2018 The Seagull (Die Seemeeu) as Piet
2018 The Recce as General Piet Visagie
2019 The Story of Racheltjie De Beer as George
Passage 9:
God's Law and Man's
God's Law and Man's is a lost 1917 silent film drama direct by John H. Collins and distributed by Metro Pictures. It starred Collins's wife Viola Dana. The story comes from a novel by Paul Trent, A Wife by Purchase.

Cast
Viola Dana - Ameia
Robert Walker - Dr. Claude Drummond
Augustus Phillips - Jack Aston
Henry Hallam - Kunda Ram
Frank Currier - Major General Dennison
Marie Adell - Olive Dennison
George A. Wright - Earl of Hetherington
Floyd Buckley - Lord Charles Drummond
Passage 10:
Boom Boom (John Lee Hooker song)
"Boom Boom" is a song written by American blues singer and guitarist John Lee Hooker and recorded in 1961.  Although it became a blues standard, music critic Charles Shaar Murray calls it "the greatest pop song he ever wrote". "Boom Boom" was both an American R&B and pop chart success in 1962 and a UK top-twenty hit in 1992.
The song is one of Hooker's most identifiable and enduring songs and "among the tunes that every band on the [early 1960s UK] R&B circuit simply had to play".  It has been recorded by numerous blues and other artists, including a 1965 North American hit by the Animals.

Recording and composition
Prior to recording for Vee-Jay Records, John Lee Hooker was primarily a solo performer or  accompanied by a second guitarist, such as early collaborators Eddie Burns or Eddie Kirkland. However, with Vee-Jay, he usually recorded with a small backing band, as heard on the singles "Dimples", "I Love You Honey", and "No Shoes". Detroit keyboardist Joe Hunter, who had previously worked with Hooker, was again enlisted for the recording session. Hunter brought with him "the cream of the Motown label's session men, later known as the Funk Brothers": bassist James Jamerson, drummer Benny Benjamin, plus guitarist Larry Veeder, tenor saxophonist Hank Cosby, and baritone saxophonist Andrew "Mike" Terry. They have been described as "just the right band" for "Boom Boom". Hooker had a unique sense of timing, which demanded "big-eared sidemen".The original "Boom Boom" is an uptempo (168 beats per minute) blues song, which has been notated in 2/2 time in the key of F.  It has been described as "about the tightest musical structure of any Hooker composition: its verses sedulously adhere to the twelve-bar format over which Hooker generally rides so roughshod". The song uses "a stop-time hook that opens up for one of the genre's most memorable guitar riffs" and incorporates a middle instrumental section Hooker-style boogie.According to Hooker, he wrote the song during an extended engagement at the Apex Bar in Detroit.

I would never be on time [for the gig]; I always would be late comin' in.  And she [the bartender Willa] kept saying, "Boom boom – you late again".  Every night: "Boom, boom – you late again".  I said "Hmm, that's a song!" ... I got it together, the lyrics, rehearsed it, and I played it at the place, and the people went wild.
Also included are several wordless phrases, "how-how-how-how" and "hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm".  "Boom Boom" became the Hooker song that is "the most memorable, the most instantly appealing, and the one which has proved the most adaptable to the needs of other performers". ZZ Top later used similar lines ("how-how-how-how") for their popular "La Grange".

Releases and charts
When "Boom Boom" was released as a single in April or May 1962, the song became a hit.  It entered the Billboard Hot R&B Sides chart on June 16, 1962, where it spent eight weeks and reached number 16. The song also appeared the Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number 60, making it one of only two Hooker singles to enter the broader chart. It was included on the 1962 Vee-Jay album Burnin'  as well as many Hooker compilations, including John Lee Hooker: The Ultimate Collection. 
Two years later, in 1964, the song made a brief appearance on the chart in Walloon Belgium, which at the time did not rank positions.  In 1992, after being featured in a Lee Jeans commercial, the "Boom Boom" reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart. It also appeared on charts in New Zealand (number 24 in 1992) and France (numbers 45 in 1993 and 87 in 2013).Hooker recorded several later versions. Following the success of the Animals' version, Hooker re-recorded the song in 1968 for Stateside Records as the B-side of "Cry Before I Go" under the longer title "Boom Boom Boom".  He reworked the song as "Bang Bang Bang Bang" for his Live at Soledad Prison album, as a South Side Chicago street musician in the film The Blues Brothers (but the song itself is not included in the film soundtrack), and as the title track for his 1992 album Boom Boom with Jimmie Vaughan.

The Animals version
English rock band the Animals recorded "Boom Boom" for their 1964 UK debut album The Animals.  Their blues-rock rendition generally follows John Lee Hooker's original, although they add "shake it baby" as a response to the "come on and shake" refrain in the middle section, taken from Hooker's "Shake It Baby" (recorded during the 1962 American Folk Blues Festival tour in Europe, where it became a hit in 1963).The Animals' version was released as a single in North America in November 1964 and is included on the Animals' second American album, The Animals on Tour. It reached number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the Canadian RPM Top 40&5 singles chart. The song also appeared on the unranked chart in Wallonia.Cash Box described it as "a rousing salute to the apple of a guy's eye" that's "exciting, funky-styled" and "a great swinger."Over the years, several versions of "Boom Boom" have been recorded by various Animals reunion lineups as well as by former members Eric Burdon and Alan Price. In 2012, the original 1964 version was used in the film Skyfall.

Big Head Todd and the Monsters version
American rock group Big Head Todd and the Monsters recorded "Boom Boom" for their album Beautiful World (1997). Group bassist Rob Squires described the recording session: "Hooker has just this incredible presence. He walked into the room and literally everyone was intimidated including our producer and the people who work in the studio."  Beginning with the television series debut of NCIS: New Orleans in 2014, a portion of Big Head Todd's version has been used as the opening theme.

Recognition and legacy
In 1995, John Lee Hooker's "Boom Boom" was included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's list of "The Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll".  It was inducted into the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame in 2009 in the "Classics of Blues Recording" category. A Detroit Free Press poll in 2016 ranked the song at number 37 in "Detroit's 100 Greatest Songs". Rolling Stone magazine ranked Hooker's version at number 463 on its 2021 list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time", down from number 220 on its 2004 list.
Passage 11:
Beethoven (TV series)
Beethoven is a 1994  American Saturday morning cartoon television series loosely based on the 1992 motion picture of the same name.  The series was produced by Northern Lights Entertainment and Universal Cartoon Studios, and aired for one season on CBS Saturday Mornings, with 13 episodes with two 10 minute segments produced. Dean Jones, who played Dr. Varnick in the film, voiced the role of George Newton; Nicholle Tom, who played teenage daughter Ryce in the film and Beethoven's 2nd, was the only cast member from the films to reprise her role in the series.

Premise
The Newton family love Beethoven, their St. Bernard dog. But the father, George, has his moments with Beethoven, who gets in different mishaps time after time. When not with the Newton family, Beethoven spends time with three other dogs, Sparky (the stray from the first film), Ginger, and Caesar.
Unlike the film, Beethoven has a speaking voice, at least among the other animals. The same plot was used in another animated series, Free Willy, where the main character also could talk.

Cast
Additional voices
Crew
Paul Germain - Producer, Story Editor and Voice Director

Episodes
Home release
Universal and Goodtimes released episodes of the show on VHS. In July 2020, the series became available on the Peacock streaming service.
Passage 12:
Sonny & Cher
Sonny & Cher were an American pop and entertainment duo in the 1960s and 1970s, made up of spouses Sonny Bono and Cher. The couple started their career in the mid-1960s as R&B backing singers for record producer Phil Spector.
The pair first achieved fame with two hit songs in 1965, "Baby Don't Go" and "I Got You Babe". Signing with Atco/Atlantic Records, they released three studio albums in the late 1960s, as well as the soundtrack recordings for two unsuccessful movies, Good Times and Chastity, with Cher contributing vocals to one cut, "Chastity's Song (Band of Thieves)". In 1972, after three years of silence, the couple returned to the studio and released two other albums under the MCA/Kapp Records label.
In the 1970s, they also positioned themselves as media personalities with two top ten TV shows in the US, The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour and The Sonny & Cher Show. The couple's career as a duo ended in 1975 following their divorce. In the decade they spent together, Sonny and Cher were nominated for two Grammy Awards and sold over 40 million records worldwide. Rolling Stone ranked them No. 18 on its list of the 20 Greatest Duos of All Time.Performing under her first name, Cher went on to a highly successful career as a solo singer and actress, while Sonny Bono was eventually elected to Congress as a Republican U.S. Representative from California. The two performers were inducted to the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1998, following Sonny's death in a skiing accident.

Career
1962–1964: The origin
Cherilyn Sarkisian first met Salvatore Bono in a Los Angeles coffee shop in November 1962, when she was sixteen. Eleven years her senior, Bono was working for record producer Phil Spector at Gold Star Studios in Hollywood. The two became best friends, eventual lovers, and were supposedly married in 1964, but Bono says in his autobiography that it was not an official marriage. They were legally wed after their only child, Chaz, was born. Through Bono, Cher started as a session singer, and sang backup on several of Spector's classic recordings, including "Be My Baby" by the Ronettes, "You've Lost That Loving Feeling" by The Righteous Brothers and Darlene Love's "A Fine, Fine Boy". In Darlene Love's recording, the listener can clearly hear Cher and Sonny close to the mic (along with Love, who recorded her own backing vocals).

1965–1966: Career development
With Bono continuing to write, arrange and produce the songs, the couple's first incarnation was as the duo "Caesar and Cleo". They released some singles in 1964, including "The Letter", with Vault Records, and "The Letter", "Do You Wanna Dance" and "Love Is Strange", with Reprise Records.In September 1964, they released "Baby Don't Go" under the name of Sonny & Cher, which became their first regional hit. The song was later included on the 1965 Reprise compilation Baby Don't Go – Sonny & Cher and Friends, which also included songs from artists such as Bill Medley, The Lettermen and The Blendells.The duo released their first album Look at Us in the summer of 1965. The album contained the number one single "I Got You Babe". Look at Us peaked at number two on the Billboard chart for eight weeks in the later part of 1965.Sonny & Cher made their first promotional tour of Britain in the first two weeks of August 1965. The tour was organized and overseen by Larry Page, co-manager of the English rock band the Kinks, who met Cher a month earlier while she finished recording her debut album and while the Kinks toured America. Page and the Kinks' publicist Brian Sommerville quickly signed to be Sonny & Cher's European business manager and British publicist, respectively. During their two weeks in Britain, the duo primarily appeared on British television and radio, but they also performed at the 100 Club in central London on August 5.The couple appeared on many of the top television shows of the era including The Ed Sullivan Show, American Bandstand, Where The Action Is, Hollywood A Go-Go, Hollywood Palace, Hullabaloo, Beat Club, Shindig!, Ready Steady Go! and Top of the Pops. They also appeared as themselves in the film Wild on the Beach, singing "It's Gonna Rain". On their first album Bono also displayed his political interest long before running for Congress in the lyrics of the song, "The Revolution Kind".
As the followup to the success of Look at Us, they released their second studio album in April 1966, The Wondrous World of Sonny & Chér, which peaked at number 34. The two dressed in animal skins with Bono wearing knee high caveman boots and Cher going barefoot.During 1965, five of their songs were in US Billboard Top 20, a record passed only by Elvis Presley and behind famous artists like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and others. Periodic solo releases by Cher continued during this period, including major successes with "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)", and Burt Bacharach & Hal David's theme from "Alfie" (as heard in the motion picture Alfie, as well as a single release), both in 1966. Because they sided with the young people being harassed on the Sunset Strip during the Sunset Strip curfew riots; they were removed from their promised position of honor in the Tournament of Roses Parade in January 1967.

1967–1969: Career woes
In 1967, Sonny and Cher released their third album, In Case You're In Love. It peaked at number 45 in the U.S. charts. It contained two hit singles, both written by Bono, "The Beat Goes On" (No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100) and "Little Man" (No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100).
In an attempt to capitalize on the duo's initial success, Bono speedily arranged a film project for the duo to star in, but the 1967 feature, Good Times, was a major bomb, despite the efforts of fledgling director William Friedkin and co-star George Sanders. After Good Times flopped in 1968, Columbia Pictures immediately sold rights to their intended follow-up film Speedway to MGM. The couple were replaced by Elvis Presley and Nancy Sinatra. In 1969, another film, Chastity, starring Cher, written and produced by Sonny, was also a commercial bomb.Sonny and Cher's career had stalled by 1968 as album sales quickly dried up. Their gentle, easy-listening pop sound and drug-free life had become unpopular in an era increasingly consumed with the psychedelic rock of the evolving landscape of American pop culture during the late 1960s.
Bono decided to forge ahead, carving a new career for the duo in Las Vegas resorts, where they sharpened their public persona with Cher as the wise-cracking, glamorous singer, and Bono as the good-natured recipient of her insults. In reality, Bono controlled every aspect of their act, from the musical arrangements to the joke-writing. While success was slow to come, their luck improved when network TV talent scouts attended a show, noting their potential appeal for a variety series.
Sonny and Cher also welcomed their first child, Chastity (named after Cher's movie), born on March 4, 1969.

1970–1977: TV success and divorce
In 1970, Sonny and Cher starred in their first television special, The Nitty Gritty Hour, a mixture of slapstick comedy, skits, and live music. The appearance was a critical success, which led to numerous guest spots on other television shows. They also appeared in The New Scooby-Doo Movies as guest stars.
Sonny and Cher caught the eye of CBS head of programming Fred Silverman while guest-hosting The Merv Griffin Show, and Silverman offered the duo their own variety show. The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour debuted in 1971 as a summer replacement series. The show returned to prime time later that year and was an immediate hit, quickly reaching the Top 10. The show received 15 Emmy Award nominations during its run, winning one for direction, throughout its initial four seasons on CBS. The duo also revived their recording career, releasing the album All I Ever Need Is You, and charting two more top ten hits: "All I Ever Need Is You", and "A Cowboy's Work Is Never Done" in 1972.Sonny and Cher's dialogues were patterned after the successful nightclub routines of Louis Prima and Keely Smith: the happy-go-lucky husband squelched by a tart remark from the unamused wife. The show featured a stock company of zany comedians, including Teri Garr, Freeman King, Ted Ziegler, Billy Van and Murray Langston (later The Unknown Comic on The Gong Show). One sketch satirizing CBS's detective show Cannon and its portly star William Conrad was so successful that Sonny and Cher staged several follow-ups, with Tony Curtis as "Detective Fat". Everybody in these sketches wore wide-waisted "fat suits" (similar to hoop skirts), so Detective Fat and his clients and his suspects would spend most of the time bumping each other and bouncing across the crowded room.
By the third season of the Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour (1974), the marriage of Sonny and Cher was falling apart; the duo separated later that year. The show imploded, while still rating in the top 10. What followed was a very public divorce (finalized on June 26, 1975). Cher won a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance By an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy for The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour in 1974.

Bono launched his own show, The Sonny Comedy Revue, in the fall of 1974, retaining the "Sonny and Cher" troupe of comedians and writers. Cher also announced plans to star in a new variety series of her own. Critics predicted that Bono would be the big winner with a solo comedy vehicle, and held little hope for Cher's more musical showcase. After only six weeks, however, Bono's show was abruptly canceled.The Cher show debuted as an elaborate, all-star television special on February 16, 1975, featuring Flip Wilson, Bette Midler, and special guest Elton John. Cloris Leachman and Jack Albertson both won Emmy Awards for their appearances as guest-stars a few weeks later, and the series received four additional Emmy nominations that year. The first season ranked in the Top 25 of the year-end ratings.
As a result of the divorce, Sonny and Cher went their separate ways until Cher attended the opening of one of Bono's restaurants in something of a reconciliation. The Sonny & Cher Show returned in 1976, even though they were no longer married (the duo "reunited" with a humorous handshake). After struggling with low ratings through 1977, Sonny and Cher finally parted ways for good. In 1976, Mego Toys also released a line of toys and dolls, in the likeness of Sonny & Cher. The release of these fashion dolls coincided with the popularity of The Sonny & Cher Show.

1978–1999: After Sonny and Cher
Sonny Bono went on to an acting career and later entered politics, eventually becoming a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Cher went on to become a Grammy Award-winning solo singer and an Academy Award-winning actress.
The couple made two surprise impromptu reunion performances: the first on The Mike Douglas Show in the spring of 1979, singing a medley of "United We Stand" and "Without You", and the second on November 13, 1987, on Late Night with David Letterman where they performed their hit song "I Got You Babe"; it turned out to be the last time the two would perform together.In early 1999, And the Beat Goes On: The Sonny and Cher Story, directed by David Burton Morris and starring Jay Underwood and Renee Faia, was broadcast on ABC. The TV movie was based on the autobiography of Bono, and focuses on the relationship between the couple during the early 1960s to their divorce in the mid 1970s. This movie was also nominated for two Emmy Awards.

Bono's death, music copyright
On January 5, 1998, Bono died of injuries from hitting a tree while skiing at Heavenly Ski Resort in Lake Tahoe. He was 62 years old. Bono's death came just days after Michael Kennedy died in a similar accident. Bono's widow, Mary, was selected to fill the remainder of his congressional term, and was re-elected in her own right, serving until she was defeated for re-election in 2012. She continues to champion many of her late husband's causes, including the ongoing fight as how to best save the Salton Sea.
The funeral, unbeknownst to Cher, was broadcast live on CNN. She gave a tearful eulogy, after which the attendees sang the song "The Beat Goes On". In front of millions, Cher tearfully and effusively praised Bono, calling him "the most unforgettable character I've ever met". His final resting place is Desert Memorial Park in nearby Cathedral City, California, the same cemetery in which Frank Sinatra was laid to rest later that same year. The epitaph on Bono's headstone reads: "And The Beat Goes On".In 1998, Sonny and Cher received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Television. Cher appeared at the event with Mary Bono, who accepted the award on behalf of her late husband. Cher paid tribute to Bono in the CBS special Sonny and Me: Cher Remembers, calling her grief "something I never plan to get over". During the same year, Cher also released her twenty-second album Believe that was highly influenced by Bono's death, and in the booklet Cher wrote "In memory of Son".When Cher and Bono divorced, they agreed to split revenue from the songs recorded together. When Bono died, one-third of his interest passed to wife Mary Bono, and one-sixth interests were split amongst his children. Cher sued UMG in 2009, claiming she and Bono's heirs were owed $5,000,000 in "hidden" royalties.

Legacy and achievements
Author Joseph Murrells described Sonny & Cher as "part of the leading exponents of the rock-folk-message type of song, a hybrid combining the beat and instrumentation of rock music with folk lyrics and often lyrics of protest."The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour received numerous Emmy nominations; Director Art Fisher won for Outstanding Directing for a Variety Series in 1972. Cher won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy in 1974.Sonny and Cher received the following honors:

1966: Grammy nomination for Best New Artist
1972: Grammy nomination for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
1998: Received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
2015: Ranked No. 18 on Rolling Stone's list of the 20 Greatest Duos of All Time

Filmography
Discography
Look at Us (1965)
The Wondrous World of Sonny & Chér (1966)
In Case You're in Love (1967)
All I Ever Need Is You (1972)
Mama Was a Rock and Roll Singer, Papa Used to Write All Her Songs (1974)

See also
Cher
Sonny Bono
Supercouple
List of number-one hits (United States)
List of artists who reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100

Notes
Passage 13:
Shakalaka Boom Boom
Shakalaka Boom Boom is a 2007 Indian musical drama film directed and produced by Suneel Darshan and written by Anurag Kashyap. The film stars Bobby Deol, Upen Patel, Celina Jaitly and Kangana Ranaut in the lead. It released on April 6, 2007.
Shakalaka Boom Boom is based on conflicts and the power game involved in the functioning of the music industry. The film is loosely based on the Academy Award winning film Amadeus. The film was partly shot in South Africa.

Plot
Shakalaka Boom Boom follows the tale of a jealous, selfish and greedy music artist, Ayan Joshi aka AJ (Bobby Deol). AJ is one of the finest music artists in the industry and is currently under a stop since he can't think of a new project. AJ is in love with the hot and sexy Ruhi (Kangana Ranaut) and hopes to tell her how he feels. However, a wannabe singer, Reggie (Upen Patel) appears who falls in love with Ruhi and woos her before AJ can. 
Therefore, AJ swears to destroy Reggie's career and hence comes into Reggie's life as his friend. Getting him drunk, getting him smoking, is all that AJ has been doing to Reggie, and Reggie even loses control and passes out. One day, AJ finds out all Reggie's secrets and gets him so drunk that he has liver-fail. While Reggie was in the state of dying, AJ takes all his music-notes and beats and flees from the place. Then Ruhi shows up and takes him to the hospital. He is placed into the operation section due to liver failure, and then Ruhi plans to destroy AJ's career just like he did to Reggie.
Though Ruhi does not know that AJ isn't alone, he also has his hidden agenda with Reggie's ex-girlfriend Sheena (Celina Jaitly) who is now a bigshot due to AJ. AJ and Sheena together publish Reggie's music as their own, and it goes onto becoming a big hit. At the music-signing, Ruhi gets her gun out, though it doesn't seem to work. She seems that's it, though Karma has a different plan in mind. Due to her gun not working, she leaves and as she leaves, a disco ball randomly falls on top of AJ's head. He is placed into the hospital, and the doctors declare him "deaf". The ending shows him going to hell, and Reggie waking up to a better life, as he and Ruhi have now proved that the music is really his.

Cast
Bobby Deol as A.J.
Upen Patel as Reggie
Celina Jaitly as Sheena
Kangana Ranaut as Ruhi
Asrani as Yogra
Dalip Tahil as Kumar
Anupam Kher as Reggie's Father
Govind Namdev as Guru
Vivek Vaswani as Vidyacharan Shukla
Seema Rahmani as Seema

Soundtrack
All songs  are composed by Himesh Reshammiya and lyrics are penned by Sameer.

Reception
Critical reception
Shakalaka Boom Boom attracted negative reviews from top critics of India. Mayank Shekhar of Hindustan Times rated the film with 1 out of 5 stars. Shakti Salgaokar of DNA gave movie a one and half stars and wrote in his review, "It's simple — sexual innuendo, potshots at popular films, bad mimicry, foreign locations, a generous dose of overacting, an item song and a gora villain. And as he magnificently presents the climax of the film. Spare us the comedy, please?" Nikhat Kazmi of Times of India said, "This one's definitely not for the fastidious, choosy viewer but for those who don't mind losing it for a bit, Shakalaka Boom Boom works like an average Bollywood musical. Performance-wise, it's one big circus with the guys hogging most of the limelight. The girls — Kangana and Celina — are mere confetti" and gave it 3 out of 5 stars. Taran Adarsh also gave it 3 out of 5 stars, saying "It's a well-crafted entertainer and lives up to the expectations of its target audience — the youth. At the box-office, its business at the multiplexes will help it generate good revenue, making it a profitable proposition for its investors."
Passage 14:
He Comes Up Smiling
He Comes Up Smiling is a 1918 American comedy film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and directed by Allan Dwan.
This film was based on a novel of the same title by Charles Sherman, which was adapted into a 1914 play of the same name by Byron Ongley and Emil Nyitray. Fairbanks starred in the play with Patricia Collinge as the female lead. This film "survives incomplete".

Plot
As described in a film magazine, the principal duty of bank clerk Jerry Martin is to care for the bank president's pet canary. The bird escapes and Jerry starts in pursuit. In a chase that takes him far afield, Jerry meets a hobo and decides to give up his bank job. Baron Bean (Montana), another hobo, becomes his valet, but they desert Jerry when he is taking a bath and steal his clothes. He finds a suit belonging to William Batchelor (MacQuarrie), a broker who is cooling off at a pool, and with the broker's business cards he passes himself off as Batchelor. He meets John Bartlett (Campeau) and his daughter Billie (Daw) and promptly falls in love. Her father is also a stock broker who has been nicked by Batchelor. An attempt is made to corner the market while Jerry is being entertained, but he foils the plotters, falls heir to a fortune, and wins the love of Billie.

Cast
Douglas Fairbanks as Jerry Martin
Marjorie Daw as Billie Bartlett
Herbert Standing as Mike
Frank Campeau as John Bartlett
Bull Montana as Baron Bean
Albert MacQuarrie as William Batchelor
Kathleen Kirkham as Louise
Jay Dwiggins as General
William Elmer
Robert Cain

Preservation
The surviving reels of He Comes Up Smiling were preserved by the Academy Film Archive in 2010.
Answers: ['Maria Bello']
Length: 11054
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: dureader
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 热诚传说结局
Context: 文章1
标题：对结局好失望_热诚传说x吧_百度贴吧
我想看的不是百合搞基番!为什么看公主和男主在一起,等了这么久的大结局,然后……你给我看这个?感觉前面都白看了,早知道不知结局了,前面25集都挺好的!看到大结局好失落,女主们最终还是没有第到使雷回来,新的道师也出现了,而男主醒来应该是几百年后了(城市都现代化了)!公主早就死了几百年了吧 不楼主请仔细看 新的导师就是史雷 史雷醒来应该也是几年后的事情 然而她们都长大了 下载贴吧APP看高清直播、视频! 贴吧页面意见反馈 违规贴吧举报反馈通道 贴吧违规信息处理公示 内容:

文章2
标题：《热诚传说》动画的结局是百合??? - 動漫區 - 百合会 - Powered by 
您需要 登录 才可以下载或查看,没有帐号?成为会员 四月百合淡季什么的,不存在的,顺便快去看re:creator最新一集 真的吗?真的吗!快来人打醒我 补特定几集就行了,整部作品来说没有明显的感情线,大家之间的距离都保持的很好,最后倒是真官方盖章百合,推得丧心病狂 这结局真喷了。。。但是为了百合补这番还是算了吧,不值得 ……好像可以借着这个结局坑别人玩一波游戏原作了。 参与人数 1积分+1 收起 理由 坟头纳彩 + 1 稳!“公主呢?” 查看全部评分 求补番指南,打算挑着看一看 您需要登录后才可以回帖 登录 | 成为会员

文章3
标题：【剧透】通关剧情分析吐槽 - 热情传说 - A9VG电玩部落论坛
精华 0 帖子 1006 威望 0点 积分 1089 点 注册时间 2005-6-12 最后登录 2017-6-9 精华 0 帖子 8 威望 0点 积分 8点 注册时间 2014-9-7 最后登录 2017-3-16 表示无比赞同!玩了后说不出的感觉,就是感觉稀里糊涂+平淡无奇,说差也不差,但也说不上好。本来传说系列的一大特色就是充满矛盾、激情和冲突的剧情,到后期或结局往往令人心潮澎湃或者感动不已,远的如永恒传说,宿命传说2,近的如TOX。蛮失望的,不过会继续追传说系列! 您需要登录后才可以回帖 登录 | 注册

文章4
标题：热诚传说X 剧情介绍(全集大结局)_穿帮网
checking... 概述 简介 海报 我来发布 2016年放送開始!制作はufotable 小编推荐 《幻城》穿帮镜头 微微一笑很倾城穿帮镜头 《小别离》穿帮镜头 《诛仙青云志》穿帮镜头 《长歌行》穿帮太雷人 《济公传》郭德纲穿帮离谱 老九门也穿帮啦 《解密》穿帮镜头 徐峥黄渤主演电视《无人区》发现穿帮镜头8处 张天霖携手吴奇隆出演《蜀山战纪》挑战大反派 刘晓洁出演《我是机器人》热播 “村姑”变“时尚女郎” 功夫熊猫3什么时候上映?是谁主演的?上映时间及剧情介绍 浅扒《琅琊榜》中诸人物原型 钟汉良唐嫣《何以笙箫默》发现穿帮镜头22处 看复仇者联盟2前必看十部影片,你看过几部? 苍井空主演《同班同学2015》什么时候上映? 黄晓明陈乔恩《锦绣缘华丽冒险》发现穿帮镜头35处 你或许也喜欢 编辑推荐 古代妓女十大避孕方法揭秘 青楼女子极端避孕方式 古代护照是什么样的?唐玄奘实际竟是“偷渡者” 清宫揭秘:皇帝大婚前必须临幸八名老宫女 还原历史上真实的姜子牙:姜子牙到底活了多少岁

文章5
标题：《热诚传说》隐藏结局触发条件是什么?_情热传说吧_百度贴吧
《热诚传说》隐藏结局触发条件是什么? 通完4神殿,德泽尔在队时打死显主 中途有几个地方会遇到狮子 然后在大劣势下弄死狮子就行了 贴吧页面意见反馈 违规贴吧举报反馈通道 贴吧违规信息处理公示 内容:

文章6
标题：应届毕业生是如何定义的?_百度知道
国家规定:毕业后两年内都属于应届毕业生.具体又可分为往年应届毕业生和当年应届毕业生.往年应届毕业生指的是毕业后第二年的,如现在是2009年,则往年应届毕业生指的是2007年毕业的普通高校大学生. 有些单位招考公务员的条件中,如果注明是应届毕业生,则今年毕业与往年毕业的大学生都可以报考.如果细分则以细分的为准.

文章7
标题：手机微信如何传送文件到电脑_百度经验
该经验图片、文字中可能存在外站链接或电话号码等,请注意识别,谨防上当受骗! 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 以往,我们习惯性地用数据线连接手机,将手机上的文件拷贝到电脑上。 那么,手机如何直接传文件给电脑呢? 其实,单个或少量文件根本不用数据线,直接用手机微信即可将手机上的文件传送到电脑上。 一:手机微信如何传送文件到电脑? 二:电脑如何下载手机发送的文件? 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 1 首先,手机成功登录微信; 电脑成功登录微信网页版; 参阅百度经验:电脑怎样登录微信 步骤阅读 2 手机上点击“文件传输助手”; 步骤阅读 3 点击“+”号图标添加内容,如图: 步骤阅读 4 若是图片、视频等文件,可以直接选择发送; 若是PDF、Word、音乐歌曲或其他非图片视频的文件,可以事先添加到“我的收藏”,然后再发送; 参阅百度经验:微信怎样添加收藏文件 步骤阅读 5 以手机中的图片为例:(如何直接将手机中的图片传给电脑?) 点击“从相册选择”; 步骤阅读 6 选中相应图片, 点击“发送”; 步骤阅读 END 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 1 成功登录微信网页版; 单击“文件传输助手”; 单击手机微信传输的文件; 步骤阅读 2 点击“下载”图标,如图: 步骤阅读 3 点击“下载”,保存到电脑即可; 步骤阅读 END 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 经验内容仅供参考,如果您需解决具体问题(尤其法律、医学等领域),建议您详细咨询相关领域专业人士。

文章8
标题：中考时间是几月几号_百度知道
中考时间是几月几号 上海6月17、18日 每个地方的中考时间都是不一样的。读书十多年为的就是中考这一刻,也许在以前你并不认可这句话,但是走进中考的考场,那一刹那,你肯定动摇了自己的不认可。很多学子在中考失利后明确的摆在面前的有两条路,复读,不复读。 有的人虽然努力过,但是成绩不好,即便复读也不保证会拼力,完全可以放弃复读,去选择自己想尝试的领域。至于那些真正算上是“失利”的考生,复读也许是不错的选择,要知道自己的未来很可能就在这次考试中改变,为什么不愿意让自己的努力实至名归呢。还有一些,对中学毕业后自己毫无概念,成绩平平的人也可以选择复读,也许多年后你会发现这是最好的选择。 初三,做为人生最重要的一年,树立合适的目标,制定合理的规划,将自己的奋斗转化成果实,将在今后的人生中享受这一年带来的恩惠。曾经我的记忆力很差,学 各个省份中考的时间不一样啊 你哪个省份的啊

文章9
标题：汽车4S店CSI分别代表什么_百度知道
CSI是属于汽车4S店售后维修部门,总的说就是一个以客户满意度为中心的调查公司,调查汽车4S店售后维修带给客户的满意体验。 顾客满意指数(Customer Satisfaction Index)是近年来国际上发展起来的质量评价指标。1989年,瑞典首先提出并建立了国家用户满意度指数测评体系,量化地评价客户重购率和品牌忠诚度等指标,获取相关的信息为企业策划提供支持,使企业优化流程,做出最佳的决策。美国质量协会(ASQ)从90年代开始研究如何评价顾客满意,1994年开始建立一个全国范围的,跨行业的总体指数ACSI,每季度在《幸福》杂志上公布一次用户满意度指数。 　　顾客满意度指数理论是建立在消费心理学、消费行为学及计量经济学的基础上的质量评价科学指标。它将产品性能、可靠性、价格、所提供的相应服务等因素作为考察对象,与顾客期望相比较,由顾

文章10
标题：ubuntu桌面版和服务器版有什么区别_百度知道
只要发布版本号一致,这两者从核心来说也就是相同的,唯一的差别在于它们的预期用途。桌面版面向个人电脑 使用者,可以进行文字处理、网页浏览、多媒体播放和玩游戏。本质上说,这是一个为普通用户所定制的多用途操作系统。另一方面,服务器版旨在充当web服务 器,可用来托管文件、网页及相似内容。 个人电脑上必备的组成部分是GUI(图形用户界面)。Ubuntu的桌面版默认带有Gnome GUI,不过,如果你有需要,也可转换为KDE或X。而服务器版是不安装GUI的。除了日常维护,服务器不打算用于本地交互,因而GUI不仅没有存在的必 要,而且还会消耗服务器多余的资源。对于其他软件,如办公软件、媒体播放软件、浏览器等等,道理也是一样。在服务器版上这些统统找不到。 由于是面向服务器的,服务器版Ubuntu包含了所有你需要启动托管站点的软件。LAMP,即Linux、

文章11
标题：2017全国十大墙纸品牌是哪些?_壁纸_土巴兔问吧
微信加好友 获取详细报价 装修顾问-馨馨 4年行业经验,24h可咨询 10秒闪电通过好友 报价短信已发送到您的手机 因材料品牌及工程量不同,具体报价以量房实测为准 稍候装修管家将回电您,免费提供装修咨询服务 您的装修预算约 ? 万元 装修管家将回电您,免费提供装修咨询服务 装修怕上当?问问靠谱的人 (四年装修行业经验) 1. 您家的房屋现状是 : 2. 您家准备什么时候开始装修 : 3. 您家小区名称 : 请选择您家的装修时间 家居装修 > 装修后 > 软装 > 问题 2017墙纸全国十大品牌是哪些? 分享 关注 2017-11-19 16:36 提问者:龙再飞| 浏览次数:38次 |问题来自:北京 关键字: 墙纸墙布 我来帮他解答 回答被采纳且审核通过后系统会奖励 20 哦~ 回答 共1条 immarlerype | LV1 | 2017-11-19 16:46 2017墙纸全国十大品牌 1 圣象 (中国驰名商标,大型集团企业,壁纸/墙纸十大品牌) 2 玉兰 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,全球最大的墙纸专业生产企业之一) 3 欧雅 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,外商独资大型墙纸企业) 4 爱舍 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,国家壁纸质量标准起草企业) 5 布鲁斯 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,大型墙纸跨国公司,1954年美国波士顿) 6 柔然 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国领先的专业壁纸集成供应商) 7 雅帝 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 8 摩曼 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 9 天丽 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,亚太地区规模最大的墙纸生产企业之一) 10 格莱美 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 国外的墙纸十大排名前五位的是:意大利罗马墙纸、英国伊丽莎白墙纸、意大利米兰墙纸、法国的拿破仑墙纸、英国的维多利亚墙纸。这些墙纸品牌都是全球知名的环保墙纸,在国内还是不容易买到。希望对您有帮助! 1 圣象 (中国驰名商标,大型集团企业,壁纸/墙纸十大品牌) 2 玉兰 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,全球最大的墙纸专业生产企业之一) 3 欧雅 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,外商独资大型墙纸企业) 4 爱舍 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,国家壁纸质量标准起草企业) 5 布鲁斯 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,大型墙纸跨国公司,1954年美国波士顿) 6 柔然 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国领先的专业壁纸集成供应商) 7 雅帝 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 8 摩曼 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 9 天丽 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,亚太地区规模最大的墙纸生产企业之一) 10 格莱美 (壁纸/墙纸十大品牌,中国专业著名墙纸和布艺品牌) 望采纳。 比较好的牌子有以下几个: 斯图(sitoo), 旗航壁纸, 欧琪(OUQI), 格林威尔(GLWR), 梵迪欧, 海宝先生(HBSIR), 雨诺(YUNUO), ICIDULUX ,帝菲 ,锐畅, 艾亿(AE), 欣旺(UNIWAL), 玉兰 2017全国墙纸十大品牌排名; 1、玉兰:于1984年,中国驰名商标,广东名牌,广东省著名商标,省级高新技术企业,广东玉兰装饰材料有限公司。 2、欧雅:专业生产胶面壁纸的企业,中国壁纸业最具影响力和知名度的品牌之一,上海欧雅装饰材料有限公司。 3、爱舍Artshow:江苏省著名商标,国内最具规模的墙纸专业企业,国家壁纸质量标准起草企业,江苏爱舍墙纸有限公司。 4、瑞宝Rainbow:中国壁纸家装的理念倡导者和行业领导者,致力于创造时尚个性化家居环境,瑞宝(北京)装饰有限公司。 5、柔然ROEN:中国壁纸软装饰行业领导者之一,中国领先的专业壁纸集成供应商,尚美世家(北京)贸易有限公司。 6、特普丽TOPLI:创于1976年,中国墙纸协会理事单位,中国墙纸行业市场影响力品牌,北京特普丽装饰材料有限公司。 7、布鲁斯特:于1954年美国,全球历史最久规模最大的墙纸跨国公司之一,布鲁斯特墙纸(中国)有限公司。 8、格莱美Glamor:墙纸影响力品牌,中国建筑装饰装修材料协会墙纸专业委员会副理事长,北京格莱美墙纸有限公司。 9、AS艾仕:始于1974年德国,全球壁纸行业领先品牌,极具市场影响力的时尚壁纸品牌,上海艾仕国际贸易有限公司。 10、欣旺:于1983年台湾,国内壁纸著名厂商,上海市室内装饰行业协会理事单位,上海欣旺壁纸有限公司。

文章12
标题：植物神经紊乱_百度百科
植物神经紊乱编辑 锁定 植物神经紊乱是一种内脏功能失调的综合征。包括循环系统功能、消化系统功能或性功能失调的症状,多由心理社会因素诱发人体部分生理功能暂时性失调,神经内分泌功能出现相关改变而组织结构上并无相应病理改变的综合征。因不受人意志支配,故称自主神经,也称植物神经。人体在正常情况下,功能相反的交感和副交感神经处于相互平衡制约中,在这两个神经系统中,当一方起正作用时,另一方则起负作用,很好的平衡协调和控制身体的生理活动,这便是植物神经的功能;如果植物神经系统的平衡被打破,那么便会出现各种各样的功能障碍。 别称 植物神经功能障碍 英文名称 Autonomic nervous functioning disorders 就诊科室 神经内科 常见病因 遗传,素质,性别,生物,年龄,社会等 常见症状 内脏功能失调 传染性 无 致力于权威的科学传播 国家卫生计生委权威医学科普传播网络平台/百科名医网 词条统计 浏览次数:次 编辑次数:119次历史版本 最近更新: 创建者:小松博客 词条贡献榜 突出贡献者: wzxzzz  Vanvan1981

文章13
标题：女神思瑞在哪直播呢????跪求_思瑞吧_百度贴吧
没在老虎了吧,,好久没见她了! 对,老虎没看到她,老虎最近也被封了 下载贴吧APP看高清直播、视频! 贴吧页面意见反馈 违规贴吧举报反馈通道 贴吧违规信息处理公示 内容:

文章14
标题：2015中考议论文阅读答题技巧_图文_百度文库
2015中考议论文阅读答题技巧_初三语文_语文_初中教育_教育专区。中考议论文答题技巧 射阳五中 zhaowenhong 中考考试要点 1、找出文章的中心论点 2、辨别论据的类型概括论据的主要内容 3、找出本段或本句所使用的论证方法,并 分析其好处。 ?. 议论文是以议论为主要表达方式的一种 文体。 通过摆事实,讲道理,运用逻辑推理 来表明作者对某一问题的观点和态度,阐发 对某一现象的见解和主张。 一、议论文三要素 论点 论据 论证 要素一:论点 考点分析及答题技巧 (一)论点:作者对事物所持的观点、态度或主张. 注意:议论文一般只有一个论点,有的还围绕中心论点提 出几个分论点,分论点也是用来证明中心论点的。 考点剖析:找出文章的中心论点 方法指导: 1、文章提出中心论点的方式: ①文章标题点明中心论点; ②文章开头提出中心论点; ③文章结尾归纳出中心论点; ④文章中间用某个承上启下的句子提出中心论点。 ⑤文章没有直接提出中心论点,但始终围绕…展开论述。 论点最容易出现的位置: 题目﹑开头﹑结尾 老实人是不是总要吃亏? 在腐败黑暗的旧社 会,老实人吃亏并不奇怪,甚至是常事。然而, 随着社会的发展进步,老实人吃亏不再成为一种 普遍的、正常的现象。不老实的人可能会得意于 一时,但最终吃亏的还是他们。象鲁迅先生所说 的,谎话也会淹没他自己。假象与谎话被拆穿的 那天,说谎者何颜对人呢?有些阿谀奉承、投机 钻营的人,可能一时会受到某个上司的赏识,但 他会永远春风得意吗?常言道:“聪明反被聪明 误”,不老实的人终归要为他的不老实付出代价。 总的来看,还是做老实人不吃亏。 本文的论点是: 老实人不吃亏 自古以来,一切贤哲都主张一种简朴的生活方式, 目的就是为了不当物质欲望的奴隶,保持精神上 的自由。 古罗马哲学家塞涅卡说得好:“自由人 以茅屋为居室,奴隶才在大理石和黄金下栖身。” 柏拉图也说:“胸中有黄金的人是不需要住在黄 金屋顶下面的。” 我非常喜欢关于苏格拉底的一 个传说,这位被尊称为“师中之师”的哲人在雅 典市场上闲逛,看了那些琳琅满目的货摊后惊叹: “这里有多少我用不着的东西呵!”的确,一个 热爱精神事物的人必定是淡然于物质的奢华的, 而一个人如果安于简朴的生活,他即使不是哲学 家,也相去不远了。 这段文字的观点是 一个热爱精神事物的人必定是 。 淡然于物质的奢华的 2、判断论点的标准:是一个表判断的主谓句,不能是修辞句或者否定句。 如果 是,要改为肯定的表判断的主谓句。 3、注意常常容易犯的一个错误:论点与论题的混淆。 论点:作者对事物所持的观点、态度或主张。而论题是作者议论的话题。 (如:《得道多助 失道寡助》是论题不是论点) 4、把握中心论点的方法: (1)看标题:有些议论文,其标题就是中心论点。如《生于忧患 死于安乐》 (2)抓中心句:议论文与说明文一样要特别注意每段的段首句,它可能起到统 领或概括作用;就像记叙文中应特别注意抒情和议论的句子一样。只要从文段 中找到段首句,看看这句话是否统盖全文,就可确认。如《得道多助 失道多 助》开头一句“天时不如地利,地利不如人和”就是论点 (3)自己归纳:用以上的方法不能找到中心句,就只好自己归纳,这种情形很 少,考试时一般不会有。当碰到文中没有现成的表达论点的句子时,尽管有一 定难度,但也有方法可循:需要在准确理解全文内容的基础上,抽取文章核 心,依据论题和论据,参考作者要解决的问题,准确判断和提炼作者的观点, 然后用自己的话加以概括。 (4) 要注意的是,有些文章中表达中心论点意思的句子不止一句,需要加以比 较,找出最简洁、最明确的句子。 要素二:论据 二、论据:论据:证明论点的材料。 (真实可信) 1 、论据的种类 ①事实论据 ②道理论据是有代表性的事例、史实。 勤出聪慧。传说古希腊有一个叫德摩斯梯尼的演 说家,因小时口吃,登台演讲时,声音浑浊,发音不 准,常常被雄辩的对手所压倒。但是,他气不馁,心 不灰,为克服这个弱点,战胜雄辩的对手,便每天口 含石子,面对大海朗诵,不管春夏秋冬,雨雪风霜, 坚持五十年如一日,连爬山、跑步也边走边做演说, 终于成为全希腊最有名气的演说家。我国宋代学者朱 熹也讲过这样一个故事;福州有一个叫陈正元的人, 一篇小文章也要读一二百遍才能读熟。可是他不懒 不怠,勤学苦练,别人读一遍,他就读三遍、四遍,天 长日久,知识与日俱增,后来终于“无书不读”,成了一 个 博学之士。这说明,即使有些天资比较差、反映比较迟钝 的人,只要有勤奋好学的精神,同样也是可以弃拙为巧 的,变拙为灵的。 选段运用了什么论证方法?有什么作用? 本段运用举例论证,通过举出德 摩斯梯尼和陈正之的事例,具 体有力地论证了勤能补拙的观 点。 《事物的正确答案不止一个》中认为:区 分一个人是否拥有创造力主要根据之一是, 拥有创造力的人留意自己细小的想法。 请你为这个观点补充一个事实论据。 1、瓦特留意水开的现象发明蒸汽机。 2、阿基米德在洗澡时发现关于浮力原理。 3、牛顿从苹果落地现象中,发现了地球的万有引力。 4、毕达哥拉斯在朋友家做客时,发现他家的地砖与众 不同,通过实验与证明,证明了毕达哥拉斯定理.在中国 称“勾股定理”。 要素三:论证 常见的论证方法及作用: 1、举例论证 选择典型的、有代表性的事例来 证明论点正确的一种方法。 答题思路: 举例论证:本文(段)通过举出……的 事例,具体有力地论证了……的观点。 2、 道理论证 引用名人的理论、科学上的公 理定律、人们公认的常理、名言、警语等来证 明论点的一种方法。 答题思路: 道理论证:本文(段)通过引用……的名 言或引用格言、俗语等,充分有力地论证 了……的观点,增强了文章的说服力。 3、对比论证 通过两种完全对立的事物或截然 相反的观点进行对比来证明作者论点的一种方 法。 答题思路:本文(段)从正反两方面进 行论述,突出地论证了……的观点。 4、比喻论证 用具体生动的比喻来证 明一个抽象道理的论证方法。答题思路: 本文(段)运用比喻论证的方法把…比作…生动形象地论证了……的观点,使论 证浅显易懂,易被接受。 最后,要善于活化知识。通过读书,我们可以 获取知识,但零碎的、没有系统的知识是没有多 大价值的,这就需要活化知识,建立起自己的认 识系统。人的大脑好比电脑,脑子里存储了大量 的零碎知识,如果不去消化、理解和运用,无非 是在脑容量里多占了点空间而已,这样的知识越 多,你的内存越小,反应越慢,脑子容易僵化。

文章15
标题：Adobe 中国认证设计师 (ACCD) 和 ACAA 认证的证书,有何区别,哪个
我是一名编导专业的本科生,将来想从事影视后期相关专业的工作,有什么证书需要考取? 需要掌握除了软件方面的哪些技能? 特效师,剪辑师是否需要考相关专业研究生,有哪些相关专业? 诚挚的谢谢大家,希望有经验的前辈和朋友给予解答。 我既考了ACAA,也考了Adobe,现在在一家广告公司工作了。我把我的情况说一下吧! 我是2012年毕业的。在2011年,学校推荐报名参加认证考试,考试列表中两种考试都有,可以自由选择。我就把ACAA平面设计师和Adobe的ACCD全报了。后来在工作的时候还考了一个Autodesk 3ds max的国际认证和一个ACAA高级数字艺术设计师。 我第一次应聘的时候,我把ACAA和Adobe证书都拿出来了,招聘的人看到PS的证书说,“现在谁不会PS和AI这些软件啊?这个证书有用吗?” 第二次应聘我都不好意思拿出来了。 上班之后我问过一些同事,对Adobe证书的看法,他们说:做设计的人,没有人不会PS和AI的。就好像是办公室的人都会Word。只有菜鸟才会傻乎乎的考一个Word证书。要是做设计的人考一个PS证书,不会加分只会减分。。。。。。。T T 去年年底我和领导说要再考一个ACAA的高级数字艺术设计师,领导说我要考过了就给我涨工资。后来考过了,虽然工资涨了一点,但后来我跳槽了。 Adobe的考试是考PS的软件操作理论题,是几十道选择题。考试内容怎么说呢,全都是一些和设计没关系的软件操作理论,全是死记硬背的题,不用学,学校发给题之后,背一遍就差不多了。 ACAA的考试,平面设计师,考的不但有PS和AI两个软件的操作知识,而且还要考平面设计理论。综合性比较强。后面还要考上机作图,要求实际操作。其实考试的时候,才发现很多以前学习的时候没有注意到的东西,原来在作图的时候非常有用,而且很多考过的内容,我上班的时候都用上了。我觉得ACAA要比Adobe的考试更专业一些。 ACAA的证书是红色的封皮,证书上面有数字艺术教育联盟和艺术学会的两个钢印,还有中央美院设计学院院长王敏的签名。ACAA的是国内的认证,我觉得是比较专业的。 Adobe的证书NND就是一张A4的纸,而且要是想得到设计师就要花一千多元把四个软件都考完, (T T)这个抢钱差不多了,我觉得很亏。 而且是不是国际认证我很怀疑。我上班之后考过一张Autodesk的3ds max工程师国际认证,这个证书也是一张A4的纸,后来我听同行说Autodesk的认证才是真的全球认证,他们的证书都是由Autodesk美国总部统一发布的,每个国家用的都是统一版本,证书上面全都是英文,还有全球总裁的签名,连上面的钢印都是全英文的,这样才能保证这个证书到每个国家都可以使用。 再看Adobe的,证书上面全是中文,出国的话老外能看懂这个证书说得是什么吗?然后只有一个中国的印泥印的章。这肯定是在中国设计和制作的。这个顶多就是Adobe中国公司在中国做的一个认证而已,根本就不是国际认证,我很怀疑这个证书的权威性。 最后说一下证书到底有没有用 不管ACAA也好,Adobe的也好,证书只代表了你的基本能力,不同的是ACAA代表了你的实际创作和职业能力,Adobe代表了你的软件理论的掌握程度。 当然证书也是就业的敲门砖,如果你将来想做软件老师或者研究软件,Adobe的证书应该是最权威的吧?毕竟里面的理论很多。 但要是做设计,我觉得ACAA更专业一些。广告公司是靠实际作品赚钱的,不是靠证书混饭的。最重要的是你的创意、创作和设计能力,要是不会创作,软件用得再好,也做不出好作品。 我不觉得哪个证书更有权威性,只有是不是适合。你就算是清华大学的毕业生,如果你的设计不好,广告公司也不会用你是不是? 这些都是我这一两年中的实际经验,希望帮助到大家。 Adobe的我也考过,貌似没用,水平不好,有证也百搭,一般的公司都不看! 如果是寻求工作,没用,直接拿出作品,作品是一切。 辅导员硬逼着报了ACAA视频编辑师,对我来说没用因为以后不从事这方面工作,而且水份巨大。辅导员是监考不说连考场都是平时上课的教室,我们练习的题目就是要考的题。PS:我们辅导员除了威胁不报名认证考试就不给及格外,就是在说证书多么漂亮而且补考免费哟~嘛早就对她失望了╮(╯_╰)╭ 规模大的用Final Cut Pro比较多吧,对应苹果ACP认证 如果是毕业需要,那考ACAA比较靠谱咯? 下载知乎客户端 与世界分享知识、经验和见解 相关Live 推荐

文章16
标题：苹果电脑怎么用蓝牙耳机 Mac怎么连接蓝牙耳机_百度经验
百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 苹果电脑只要配备了蓝牙功能的,都能在系统连接蓝牙耳机。下面简单介绍下连接蓝牙耳机的操作方法。 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 百度经验:jingyan.baidu.com 1 先打开 Mac 上的“偏好设置”图标,如图所示 步骤阅读 2 在系统设置中,点击打开“蓝牙”选项,如图所示 步骤阅读 3 确保蓝牙处于打开状态,如图所示 步骤阅读 4 接下来要做的就是让我们的蓝牙耳机进入配对状态,如果耳机是打开的,请先关闭它。一般的蓝牙耳机都是直接长按开关键,然后看到耳机指示灯闪烁,表示此时已经进入配对状态。当然不同的耳机有不同的进入方式,具体请参考耳机的操作说明书。 步骤阅读 5 当蓝牙耳机进入配对状态时,再回到电脑上的蓝牙设置中,就可以发现我们的蓝牙耳机了。点击蓝牙设备列表中的蓝牙耳机,与它进行“配对”,如图所示 步骤阅读 6 随后配对成功,就可以正常使用了。如果想要删除已经连接的蓝牙耳机,请选中并点击“X”选项,如图所示 步骤阅读 7 最后再点击“移除”按钮,就可以了。 步骤阅读 END 经验内容仅供参考,如果您需解决具体问题(尤其法律、医学等领域),建议您详细咨询相关领域专业人士。 个性签名:Be as simple as you can be...

文章17
标题：申请专利需要多少钱_百度知道
申请费 　　申请费的缴纳期限是自申请日起算两个月内。与申请费同时缴纳的费用还包括发明专利申请公布印刷费、申请附加费,要求优先权的,应同时缴纳优先权要求费。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,专利申请将视为撤回。 　　说明书(包括附图)页数超过30页或者权利要求超过10项时,需要缴纳申请附加费,金额以超出页数或者项数计算。 　　优先权要求费的费用金额以要求优先权的项数计算。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,视为未要求优先权。 发明专利申请实质审查费 申请人要求实质审查的,应提交实质审查请求书,并缴纳实质审查费。实质审查费的缴纳期限是自申请日(有优先权要求的,自最早的优先权日)起三年内。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,专利申请视为撤回。 　　专利费用的减缓 　　申请人或者专利权人缴纳专利费用确有困 申请费 　　申请费的缴纳期限是自申请日起算两个月内。与申请费同时缴纳的费用还包括发明专利申请公布印刷费、申请附加费,要求优先权的,应同时缴纳优先权要求费。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,专利申请将视为撤回。 　　说明书(包括附图)页数超过30页或者权利要求超过10项时,需要缴纳申请附加费,金额以超出页数或者项数计算。 　　优先权要求费的费用金额以要求优先权的项数计算。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,视为未要求优先权。 发明专利申请实质审查费 申请人要求实质审查的,应提交实质审查请求书,并缴纳实质审查费。实质审查费的缴纳期限是自申请日(有优先权要求的,自最早的优先权日)起三年内。未在规定的期限内缴纳或缴足的,专利申请视为撤回。 　　专利费用的减缓 　　申请人或者专利权人缴纳专利费用确有困 专利分发明跟实用新型,外观, 你要申请啥专利,个人还是公司申请。这些都不一样的

文章18
标题：为什么我总是感觉很疲劳?_百度知道
原来健康的身体,忽然开始一而再、再而三地出现不明原因的疲劳。即使经过了充分休息,仍然会感觉倦怠、疲乏;每天早晨都是睡不醒,常常拖着疲惫的身子去上班,依赖咖啡提神,强迫自己振作精神。不知为什么,总是觉得有些力不从心,发自内心的“累”,完成了一天的工作之后,晚上还没看完《新闻联 播》,就倚在沙发上进入了梦乡。对于这些疲劳现象,通过饮食调理,就可以改变。 第一、饮食中不能缺少碱性食物,如新鲜蔬菜(紫甘蓝、花椰菜、芹菜、油麦菜、萝卜缨、小白菜)和水果、菌藻类、奶类等可以中和体内的“疲劳素”——乳酸,以缓解疲劳。 第二、钙是天然的压力缓解剂。缺钙的人,总是精疲力竭地疲于奔命、神经高度紧张,工作产生的疲劳无法获得缓解。在摄取牛奶和酸奶等富含钙质食物的同时,千万不要忘记补充镁,“补钙不补

文章19
标题：求解决win10系统和压缩内存占用CPU过高_百度知道
压缩完成后,会利用CPU释放被占用的内存资源。 您也可以试试搭载了第六代智能英特尔酷睿处理器的产品,创新性的使用模式,如实感技术,姿势控制,语音识别,2D/3D影像,突破传统PC使用体验,无论办公学习、畅玩游戏或者观看超高清影像播放,均得心应手,引领产品创新。 此问题90%搜索到的答案都是垃圾,包括本页的最佳答案。 无数博客中逐个翻阅,最终解决问题的是CSDN上的一篇,核心就一句话:“最后在计划任务里面结束关于空闲时段内存自检的任务就可以了”。

文章20
标题：共享经济的三大特征_TechWeb
TechWeb官方微博: 与传统行业不同,共享经济平台公司并不直接拥有固定资产,打破时间、空间、信息限制,通过撮合交易产生相关收益。这些平台型的互联网企业利用移动设备、评价系统、支付、LBS等技术手段有效地将需求方和供给方进行最优匹配,达到双方收益的最大化。 共享经济背景下的商业模式是以租代买,理论实质是一场无形的产权革命。市场将产权分为支配权与使用权将产生巨大的商业价值。孔子有云,“己所不欲,勿施于人”。这是从道德的角度来看。而如今,则可以是:己所不欲,当换于人。资源的交换,对资源有效盘活,才会产生交换价值。 (共享经济的三大特征) 因为平台能让为数众多的人把开放出的过剩资源快速转变为令人惊讶的产品和服务,所以人人共享模型的确能带来卓越的增长,它并不需要你去建造实体产品,而是永远都在利用现有的资源——通过将其转型为新的公用设施,产生新的价值。 这是人人共享的“天赋”。 越来越多的人认识到一些东西没有必要购买,我们的家里有太多只使用了一次甚至从没使用过的物品。理论上讲,共享经济可以应用在任何一个能够产生闲置资源、过剩产能的行业。事实上,共享经济也正在从交通、住宿拓展到生活服务的其他众多方面。 Uber被称为共享经济模式下的经典案例。从第三方角度搭建平台,Uber盘活了闲置的私家车资源以满足人们的出行需求。类似的移动出行平台还有Lyft、滴滴出行、易到用车等。 轻资产的Airbnb、小猪平台等,让更多出门旅行的人不住酒店却住进了陌生人的家里,而平台则从中收取一定比例的交易佣金。 Zipbob网站没有餐馆,却将喜欢吃家常菜的人聚集在了一起,并通过攒饭局的形式来形成平台。 WiFi万能钥匙自己不提供WiFi,通过共享别人闲置或多余的WiFi,既有效利用了网络资源,又减少了路由器的生产量,短短四年间用户数已经突破8亿。 除此之外,共享医疗的春雨医生、共享品牌传播人才的开干、共享知识的在行、共享教学的微课网等都是共享经济下的新形态。 (本文系TechWeb博客作者原创,未经允许不得转载。本文仅代表作者观点,不代表本站立场。) 每日头条、业界资讯、热点资讯、八卦爆料,全天跟踪微博播报。各种爆料、内幕、花边、资讯一网打尽。百万互联网粉丝互动参与,TechWeb官方微博期待您的关注。 ↑扫描二维码 想在手机上看科技资讯和科技八卦吗? 想第一时间看独家爆料和深度报道吗? 请关注TechWeb官方微信公众帐号: 1.用手机扫左侧二维码; 2.在添加朋友里,搜索关注TechWeb。 近日发布的智能手机越来越多,越是到了年中各种旗舰手机都纷纷爆发,本月初努比亚正式... 最近一加5手机的消息已经越来越多了,大家猜测这款产品将会在本月内发布。果不其然一... 索尼旗下冠以Premium尾缀的产品一定是当年的旗舰手机,Xperia XZ Premium则是今年很早... 即日起PC玩家可在Steam客户端领取免费的《Payday 2》,6月21号之前限量发放500万套。... 阔别三周,微软今晨为Insider用户推送全新预览版系统Windows 10 Build 16215,此次限P... 腾讯悄然更新了QQ 8.9.3正式版,新版最大的特色就是对部分UI进行了调整。具体来说,本...
Answers: ['《热诚传说》动画的结局是百合。']
Length: 14094
Language: zh

==================================================
Dataset: gov_report
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 
Context: This report provides background information and issues for Congress on multiyear procurement (MYP) and block buy contracting (BBC), which are special contracting mechanisms that Congress permits the Department of Defense (DOD) to use for a limited number of defense acquisition programs. Compared to the standard or default approach of annual contracting, MYP and BBC have the potential for reducing weapon procurement costs by a few or several percent. Potential issues for Congress concerning MYP and BBC include whether to use MYP and BBC in the future more frequently, less frequently, or about as frequently as they are currently used; whether to create a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC, analogous to the permanent statute that governs the use of MYP; and whether the Coast Guard should begin making use of MYP and BBC. Congress's decisions on these issues could affect defense acquisition practices, defense funding requirements, and the defense industrial base. A contract that the Air Force has for the procurement of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) Launch Services (ELS) has sometimes been referred to as a block buy, but it is not an example of block buy contracting as discussed in this report. The Air Force in this instance is using the term block buy to mean something different. This report does not discuss the ELS contract. (For additional discussion, see " Terminology Alert: Block Buy Contracting vs. Block Buys " below.) In discussing MYP, BBC, and incremental funding, it can be helpful to distinguish contracting mechanisms from funding approaches. The two are often mixed together in discussions of DOD acquisition, sometimes leading to confusion. Stated briefly Funding approaches are ways that Congress can appropriate funding for weapon procurement programs, so that DOD can then put them under contract. Examples of funding approaches include traditional full funding (the standard or default approach), incremental funding, and advance appropriations. Any of these funding approaches might make use of advance procurement (AP) funding. Contracting mechanisms are ways for DOD to contract for the procurement of weapons systems, once funding for those systems has been appropriated by Congress. Examples of contracting mechanisms include annual contracting (the standard or default DOD approach), MYP, and BBC. Contracting mechanisms can materially change the total procurement cost of a ship. The use of a particular funding approach in a defense acquisition program does not dictate the use of a particular contracting mechanism. Defense acquisition programs consequently can be implemented using various combinations of funding approaches and contracting mechanisms. Most DOD weapon acquisition programs use a combination of traditional full funding and annual contracting. A few programs, particularly certain Navy shipbuilding programs, use incremental funding as their funding approach. A limited number of DOD programs use MYP as their contracting approach, and to date three Navy shipbuilding programs have used BBC as their contracting approach. The situation is summarized in Table 1 . This report focuses on the contracting approaches of MYP and BBC and how they compare to annual contracting. Other CRS reports discuss the funding approaches of traditional full funding, incremental funding, and advance appropriations. What is MYP, and how does it differ from annual contracting? MYP, also known as multiyear contracting, is an alternative to the standard or default DOD approach of annual contracting. Under annual contracting, DOD uses one or more contracts for each year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item. Under MYP, DOD instead uses a single contract for two to five years' worth of procurement of a given kind of item, without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. DOD needs congressional approval for each use of MYP. To illustrate the basic difference between MYP and annual contracting, consider a hypothetical DOD program to procure 20 single-engine aircraft of a certain kind over the 5-year period FY2018-FY2022, at a rate of 4 aircraft per year: Under annual contracting , DOD would issue one or more contracts for each year's procurement of four aircraft. After Congress funds the procurement of the first four aircraft in FY2018, DOD would issue one or more contracts (or exercise a contract option) for those four aircraft. The next year, after Congress funds the procurement of the next four aircraft in FY2019, DOD would issue one or more contracts (or exercise a contract option) for those four aircraft, and so on. Under MYP , DOD would issue one contract covering all 20 aircraft to be procured during the 5-year period FY2018-FY2022. DOD would award this contract in FY2018, at the beginning of the five-year period, following congressional approval to use MYP for the program, and congressional appropriation of the FY2018 funding for the program. To continue the implementation of the contract over the next four years, DOD would request the FY2019 funding for the program as part of DOD's proposed FY2019 budget, the FY2020 funding as part of DOD's proposed FY2020 budget, and so on. How much can MYP save? Compared with estimated costs under annual contracting, estimated savings for programs being proposed for MYP have ranged from less than 5% to more than 15%, depending on the particulars of the program in question, with many estimates falling in the range of 5% to 10%. In practice, actual savings from using MYP rather than annual contracting can be difficult to observe or verify because of cost growth during the execution of the contract that was caused by developments independent of the use of MYP rather than annual contracting. A February 2012 briefing by the Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) office within the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) states that "MYP savings analysis is difficult due to the lack of actual costs on the alternative acquisition path, i.e., the path not taken." The briefing states that CAPE up to that point had assessed MYP savings for four aircraft procurement programs—F/A-18E/F strike fighters, H-60 helicopters, V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft, and CH-47F helicopters—and that CAPE's assessed savings ranged from 2% to 8%. A 2008 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report stated that DOD does not have a formal mechanism for tracking multiyear results against original expectations and makes few efforts to validate whether actual savings were achieved by multiyear procurement. It does not maintain comprehensive central records and historical information that could be used to enhance oversight and knowledge about multiyear performance to inform and improve future multiyear procurement (MYP) candidates. DOD and defense research centers officials said it is difficult to assess results because of the lack of historical information on multiyear contracts, comparable annual costs, and the dynamic acquisition environment. How does MYP potentially save money? Compared to annual contracting, using MYP can in principle reduce the cost of the weapons being procured in two primary ways: Contractor optimization of workforce and production facilities . An MYP contract gives the contractor (e.g., an airplane manufacturer or shipbuilder) confidence that a multiyear stream of business of a known volume will very likely materialize. This confidence can permit the contractor to make investments in the firm's workforce and production facilities that are intended to optimize the facility for the production of the items being procured under the contract. Such investments can include payments for retaining or training workers, or for building, expanding, or modernizing production facilities. Under annual contracting, the manufacturer might not have enough confidence about its future stream of business to make these kinds of investments, or might be unable to convince its parent firm to finance them. E conomic order quan tity (EOQ) purchases of selected long-leadtime components. Under an MYP contract, DOD is permitted to bring forward selected key components of the items to be procured under the contract and to purchase the components in batch form during the first year or two of the contract. In the hypothetical example introduced earlier, using MYP could permit DOD to purchase, say, the 20 engines for the 20 aircraft in the first year or two of the 5-year contract. Procuring selected components in this manner under an MYP contract is called an economic order quantity (EOQ) purchase. EOQ purchases can reduce the procurement cost of the weapons being procured under the MYP contract by allowing the manufacturers of components to take maximum advantage of production economies of scale that are possible with batch orders. What gives the contractor confidence that the multiyear stream of business will materialize? At least two things give the contractor confidence that DOD will not terminate an MYP contract and that the multiyear stream of business consequently will materialize: For a program to qualify for MYP, DOD must certify, among other things, that the minimum need for the items to be purchased is expected to remain substantially unchanged during the contract in terms of production rate, procurement rate, and total quantities. Perhaps more important to the contractor, MYP contracts include a cancellation penalty intended to reimburse a contractor for costs that the contractor has incurred (i.e., investments the contractor has made) in anticipation of the work covered under the MYP contract. The undesirability of paying a cancellation penalty acts as a disincentive for the government against canceling the contract. (And if the contract is canceled, the cancellation penalty helps to make the contractor whole.) Is there a permanent statute governing MYP contracting? There is a permanent statute governing MYP contracting—10 U.S.C. 2306b. The statute was created by Section 909 of the FY1982 Department of Defense Authorization Act ( S. 815 / P.L. 97-86 of December 1, 1981), revised and reorganized by Section 1022 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( S. 1587 / P.L. 103-355 of October 13, 1994), and further amended on several occasions since. For the text of 10 U.S.C. 2306b, see Appendix A . DOD's use of MYP contracting is further governed by DOD acquisition regulations. Under this statute, what criteria must a program meet to qualify for MYP? 10 U.S.C. 2306b(a) states that to qualify for MYP, a program must meet several criteria, including the following: Significant savings. DOD must estimate that using an MYP contract would result in "significant savings" compared with using annual contracting. Realistic cost estimates . DOD's estimates of the cost of the MYP contract and the anticipated savings must be realistic. Stable need for the items. DOD must expect that its minimum need for the items will remain substantially unchanged during the contract in terms of production rate, procurement rate, and total quantities. Stable design for the items . The design for the items to be acquired must be stable, and the technical risks associated with the items must not be excessive. 10 U.S.C. includes provisions requiring the Secretary of Defense or certain other DOD officials to find, determine, or certify that these and other statutory requirements for using MYP contracts have been met, and provisions requiring the heads of DOD agencies to provide written notifications of certain things to the congressional defense committees 30 days before awarding or initiating an MYP contract, or 10 days before terminating one. 10 U.S.C. 2306b also requires DOD MYP contracts to be fixed-price type contracts. What is meant by " significant savings"? The amount of savings required under 10 U.S.C. 2306b to qualify for using an MYP contract has changed over time; the requirement was changed from "substantial savings" to "significant savings" by Section 811 of the FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act ( S. 1356 / P.L. 114-92 of November 25, 2015). The joint explanatory statement for the FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act states the following regarding Section 811: Amendment relating to multiyear contract authority for acquisition of property (sec. 811) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 806) that would strike the existing requirement that the head of an agency must determine that substantial savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require that significant savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. The conferees agree that the government should seek to maximize savings whenever it pursues multiyear procurement. However, the conferees also agree that significant savings (estimated to be greater than $250.0 million), and other benefits, may be achieved even if it does not equate to a minimum of 10 percent savings over the cost of an annual contract. The conferees expect a request for authority to enter into a multiyear contract will include (1) the estimated cost savings, (2) the minimum quantity needed, (3) confirmation that the design is stable and the technical risks are not excessive, and (4) any other rationale for entering into such a contract. In addition, 10 U.S.C. 2306b states the following: If for any fiscal year a multiyear contract to be entered into under this section is authorized by law for a particular procurement program and that authorization is subject to certain conditions established by law (including a condition as to cost savings to be achieved under the multiyear contract in comparison to specified other contracts) and if it appears (after negotiations with contractors) that such savings cannot be achieved, but that significant savings could nevertheless be achieved through the use of a multiyear contract rather than specified other contracts, the President may submit to Congress a request for relief from the specified cost savings that must be achieved through multiyear contracting for that program. Any such request by the President shall include details about the request for a multiyear contract, including details about the negotiated contract terms and conditions. What is meant by "stable design"? The term "stable design" is generally understood to mean that the design for the items to be procured is not expected to change substantially during the period of the contract. Having a stable design is generally demonstrated by having already built at least a few items to that design (or in the case of a shipbuilding program, at least one ship to that design) and concluding, through testing and operation of those items, that the design does not require any substantial changes during the period of the contract. What happens if Congress does not provide the annual funding requested by DOD to continue the implementation of the contract? If Congress does not provide the funding requested by DOD to continue the implementation of an MYP contract, DOD would be required to renegotiate, suspend, or terminate the contract. Terminating the contract could require the government to pay a cancellation penalty to the contractor. Renegotiating or suspending the contract could also have a financial impact. What effect does using MYP have on flexibility for making procurement changes? A principal potential disadvantage of using MYP is that it can reduce Congress's and DOD's flexibility for making changes (especially reductions) in procurement programs in future years in response to changing strategic or budgetary circumstances, at least without incurring cancellation penalties. In general, the greater the portion of DOD's procurement account that is executed under MYP contracts, the greater the potential loss of flexibility. The use of MYP for executing some portion of the DOD procurement account means that if policymakers in future years decide to reduce procurement spending below previously planned levels, the spending reduction might fall more heavily on procurement programs that do not use MYP, which in turn might result in a less-than-optimally balanced DOD procurement effort. How does Congress approve the use of MYP? Congress approves the use of MYP on a case-by-case basis, typically in response to requests by DOD. Congressional approval for DOD MYP contracts with a value of more than $500 million must occur in two places: an annual DOD appropriations act and an act other than the annual DOD appropriations act. In annual DOD appropriations acts, the provision permitting the use of MYP for one or more defense acquisition programs is typically included in the title containing general provisions, which typically is Title VIII. As shown in Table B-2 , since FY2011, it has been Section 8010. An annual national defense authorization act (NDAA) is usually the act other than an appropriations act in which provisions granting authority for using MYP contracting on individual defense acquisition programs are included. Such provisions typically occur in Title I of the NDAA, the title covering procurement programs. Provisions in which Congress approves the use of MYP for a particular defense acquisition program may include specific conditions for that program in addition to the requirements and conditions of 10 U.S.C. 2306b. How often is MYP used? MYP is used for a limited number of DOD acquisition programs. As shown in the Appendix B , annual DOD appropriations acts since FY1990 typically have approved the use of MYP for zero to a few DOD programs each year. An August 28, 2017, press report states the following: The Pentagon's portfolio of active multiyear procurement contracts is on track to taper from $10.7 billion in fiscal year 2017—or more than 8 percent of DOD procurement spending—to $1.2 billion by FY-19, according to data recently compiled by the Pentagon comptroller for lawmakers. However, there are potential new block-buy deals in the works, including several large Navy deals. According to the Multiyear Procurement Contracts Report for FY-17, which includes data current as of June 27, seven major defense acquisition programs are being purchased through multiyear procurement contracts, collectively obligating the U.S. government to spend $16 billion across the five-year spending plan with $14.5 billion of the commitments lashed to FY-17 and FY-18. In an interview published on January 13, 2014, Sean Stackley, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition (i.e., the Navy's acquisition executive), stated the following: What the industrial base clamors for is stability, so they can plan, invest, train their work force. It gives them the ability in working with say, the Street [Wall Street], to better predict their own performance, then meet expectations in the same fashion we try to meet our expectations with the Hill. It's emblematic of stability that we've got more multiyear programs in the Department of the Navy than the rest of the Department of Defense combined. We've been able to harvest from that significant savings, and that has been key to solving some of our budget problems. It's allowed us in certain cases to put the savings right back into other programs tied to requirements. A February 2012 briefing by the Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) office within the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) shows that the total dollar value of DOD MYP contracts has remained more or less stable between FY2000 and FY2012 at roughly $7 billion to $13 billion per year. The briefing shows that since the total size of DOD's procurement budget has increased during this period, the portion of DOD's total procurement budget accounted for by programs using MYP contracts has declined from about 17% in FY2000 to less than 8% in FY2012. The briefing also shows that the Navy makes more use of MYP contracts than does the Army or Air Force, and that the Air Force made very little use of MYP in FY2010-FY2012. A 2008 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report stated the following: Although DOD had been entering into multiyear contracts on a limited basis prior to the 1980s, the Department of Defense Authorization Act, [for fiscal year] 1982, codified the authority for DOD to procure on a multiyear basis major weapon systems that meet certain criteria. Since that time, DOD has annually submitted various weapon systems as multiyear procurement candidates for congressional authorization. Over the past 25 years, Congress has authorized the use of multiyear procurement for approximately 140 acquisition programs, including some systems approved more than once. What is BBC, and how does it compare to MYP? BBC is similar to MYP in that it permits DOD to use a single contract for more than one year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. BBC is also similar to MYP in that DOD needs congressional approval for each use of BBC. BBC differs from MYP in the following ways: There is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC. There is no requirement that BBC be approved in both a DOD appropriations act and an act other than a DOD appropriations act. Programs being considered for BBC do not need to meet any legal criteria to qualify for BBC because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that establishes such criteria. A BBC contract can cover more than five years of planned procurements. The BBC contracts that were used by the Navy for procuring Littoral Combat Ships (LCSs), for example, covered a period of seven years (FY2010-FY2016). Economic order quantity (EOQ) authority does not come automatically as part of BBC authority because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that includes EOQ authority as an automatic feature. To provide EOQ authority as part of a BBC contract, the provision granting authority for using BBC in a program may need to state explicitly that the authority to use BBC includes the authority to use EOQ. BBC contracts are less likely to include cancellation penalties. Given the one key similarity between BBC and MYP (the use of a single contract for more than one year's worth of procurement), and the various differences between BBC and MYP, BBC might be thought of as a less formal stepchild of MYP. When and why was BBC invented? BBC was invented by Section 121(b) of the FY1998 National Defense Authorization Act ( H.R. 1119 / P.L. 105-85 of November 18, 1997), which granted the Navy the authority to use a single contract for the procurement of the first four Virginia (SSN-774) class attack submarines. The 4 boats were scheduled to be procured during the 5-year period FY1998-FY2002 in annual quantities of 1-1-0-1-1. Congress provided the authority granted in Section 121(b) at least in part to reduce the combined procurement cost of the four submarines. Using MYP was not an option for the Virginia-class program at that time because the Navy had not even begun, let alone finished, construction of the first Virginia-class submarine, and consequently could not demonstrate that it had a stable design for the program. When Section 121(b) was enacted, there was no name for the contracting authority it provided. The term block buy contracting came into use later, when observers needed a term to refer to the kind of contracting authority that Congress authorized in Section 121(b). As discussed in the next section, this can cause confusion, because the term block buy was already being used in discussions of DOD acquisition to refer to something else. What's the difference between block buy cont r acting and block buys? In discussions of defense procurement, the term "block buy" by itself (without "contracting" at the end) is sometimes used to refer to something quite different from block buy contracting—namely, the simple act of funding the procurement of more than one copy of an item in a single year, particularly when no more than one item of that kind might normally be funded in a single year. For example, when Congress funded the procurement of two aircraft carriers in FY1983, and another two in FY1988, these acts were each referred to as block buys, because aircraft carriers are normally procured one at a time, several years apart from one another. This alternate meaning of the term block buy predates by many years the emergence of the term block buy contracting. The term block buy is still used in this alternate manner, which can lead to confusion in discussions of defense procurement. For example, for FY2017, the Air Force requested funding for procuring five Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicles (EELVs) for its EELV Launch Services (ELS) program. At the same time, Navy officials sometimes refer to the use of block buy contracts for the first four Virginia-class submarines, and in the LCS program, as block buys, when they might be more specifically referred to as instances of block buy contract ing . How much can BBC save, compared with MYP? BBC can reduce the unit procurement costs of ships by amounts less than or perhaps comparable to those of MYP, if the authority granted for using BBC explicitly includes authority for making economic order quantity (EOQ) purchases of components. If the authority granted for using BBC does not explicitly include authority for making EOQ purchases, then the savings from BBC will be less. Potential savings under BBC might also be less than those under MYP if the BBC contract does not include a cancellation penalty, or includes one that is more limited than typically found in an MYP contract, because this might give the contractor less confidence than would be the case under an MYP contract that the future stream of business will materialize as planned, which in turn might reduce the amount of money the contractor invests to optimize its workforce and production facilities for producing the items to be procured under the contract. How frequently has BBC been used? Since its use at the start of the Virginia-class program, BBC has been used very rarely. The Navy did not use it again in a shipbuilding program until December 2010, when it awarded two block buy contracts, each covering 10 LCSs to be procured over the six-year period FY2010-FY2015, to the two LCS builders. (Each contract was later amended to include an 11 th ship in FY2016, making for a total of 22 ships under the two contracts.) A third example is the John Lewis (TAO-205) class oiler program, in which the Navy is using a block buy contract to procure the first six ships in the program. A fourth example, arguably, is the Air Force's KC-46 aerial refueling tanker program, which is employing a fixed price incentive fee (FPIF) development contract that includes a "back end" commitment to procure certain minimum numbers of KC-46s in certain fiscal years. When might BBC be suitable as an alternative to MYP? BBC might be particularly suitable as an alternative to MYP in cases where using a multiyear contract can reduce costs, but the program in question cannot meet all the statutory criteria needed to qualify for MYP. As shown in the case of the first four Virginia-class boats, this can occur at or near the start of a procurement program, when design stability has not been demonstrated through the production of at least a few of the items to be procured (or, for a shipbuilding program, at least one ship). What i s the difference between an MYP or block buy contract and a contract with options? The military services sometimes use contracts with options to procure multiple copies of an item that are procured over a period of several years. The Navy, for example, used a contract with options to procure Lewis and Clark (TAKE-1) class dry cargo ships that were procured over a period of several years. A contract with options can be viewed as somewhat similar to an MYP or block buy contract in that a single contract is used to procure several years' worth of procurement of a given kind of item. There is, however, a key difference between an MYP or block buy contract and a contract with options: In a contract with options, the service is under no obligation to exercise any of the options, and a service can choose to not exercise an option without having to make a penalty payment to the contractor. In contrast, in an MYP or block buy contract, the service is under an obligation to continue implementing the contract beyond the first year, provided that Congress appropriates the necessary funds. If the service chooses to terminate an MYP or block buy contract, and does so as a termination for government convenience rather than as a termination for contractor default, then the contractor can, under the contract's termination for convenience clause, seek a payment from the government for cost incurred for work that is complete or in process at the time of termination, and may include the cost of some of the investments made in anticipation of the MYP or block buy contract being fully implemented. The contractor can do this even if the MYP or block buy contract does not elsewhere include a provision for a cancellation penalty. As a result of this key difference, although a contract with options looks like a multiyear contract, it operates more like a series of annual contracts, and it cannot achieve the kinds of savings that are possible under MYP and BBC. Potential issues for Congress concerning MYP and BBC include whether to use MYP and BBC in the future more frequently, less frequently, or about as frequently as they are currently used; and whether to create a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC, analogous to the permanent statute that governs the use of MYP. Should MYP and BBC in the future be used more frequently, less frequently, or about as frequently as they are currently used? Supporters of using MYP and BBC more frequently in the future might argue the following: Since MYP and BBC can reduce procurement costs, making greater use of MYP and BBC can help DOD get more value out of its available procurement funding. This can be particularly important if DOD's budget in real (i.e., inflation-adjusted) terms remains flat or declines in coming years, as many observers anticipate. The risks of using MYP have been reduced by Section 811 of the FY2008 National Defense Authorization Act ( H.R. 4986 / P.L. 110-181 of January 28, 2008), which amended 10 U.S.C. 2306b to strengthen the process for ensuring that programs proposed for MYP meet certain criteria (see " Permanent Statute Governing MYP "). Since the value of MYP contracts equated to less than 8% of DOD's procurement budget in FY2012, compared to about 17% of DOD's procurement budget in FY2000, MYP likely could be used more frequently without exceeding past experience regarding the share of DOD's procurement budget accounted for by MYP contracts. Supporters of using MYP and BBC less frequently in the future, or at least no more frequently than now, might argue the following: Using MYP and BBC more frequently would further reduce Congress's and DOD's flexibility for making changes in DOD procurement programs in future years in response to changing strategic or budgetary circumstances. The risks of reducing flexibility in this regard are increased now because of uncertainties in the current strategic environment and because efforts to reduce federal budget deficits could include reducing DOD spending, which could lead to a reassessment of U.S. defense strategy and associated DOD acquisition programs. Since actual savings from using MYP and BBC rather than annual contracting can be difficult to observe or verify, it is not clear that the financial benefits of using MYP or BBC more frequently in the future would be worth the resulting further reduction in Congress's and DOD's flexibility for making changes in procurement programs in future years in response to changing strategic or budgetary circumstances. Should Congress create a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC, analogous to the permanent statute (10 U.S.C. 2306b) that governs the use of MYP? Supporters of creating a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC might argue the following: Such a statute could encourage greater use of BBC, and thereby increase savings in DOD procurement programs by giving BBC contracting a formal legal standing and by establishing a clear process for DOD program managers to use in assessing whether their programs might be considered suitable for BBC. Such a statute could make BBC more advantageous by including a provision that automatically grants EOQ authority to programs using BBC, as well as provisions establishing qualifying criteria and other conditions intended to reduce the risks of using BBC. Opponents of creating a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC might argue the following: A key advantage of BBC is that it is not governed by a permanent statute. The lack of such a statute gives DOD and Congress full flexibility in determining when and how to use BBC for programs that may not qualify for MYP, but for which a multiyear contract of some kind might produce substantial savings. Such a statute could encourage DOD program managers to pursue their programs using BBC rather than MYP. This could reduce discipline in DOD multiyear contracting if the qualifying criteria in the BBC statute are less demanding than the qualifying criteria in 10 U.S.C. 2306b. Should the Coast Guard should begin making use of MYP and BBC? Although the Coast Guard is part of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Coast Guard is a military service and a branch of the U.S. Armed Forces at all times (14 U.S.C. 1), and 10 U.S.C. 2306b provides authority for using MYP not only to DOD, but also to the Coast Guard (and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as well). In addition, Section 311 of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 ( S. 140 / P.L. 115-282 of December 4, 2018) provides permanent authority for the Coast Guard to use block buy contracting with EOQ purchases of components in its major acquisition programs. The authority is now codified at 14 U.S.C. 1137. As discussed earlier in this report, the Navy in recent years has made extensive use of MYP and BBC in its ship and aircraft acquisition programs, reducing the collective costs of those programs, the Navy estimates, by billions of dollars. The Coast Guard, like the Navy, procures ships and aircraft. In contrast to the Navy, however, the Coast Guard has never used MYP or BBC in its ship or aircraft acquisition programs. Instead, the Coast has tended to use contracts with options. As discussed earlier, although a contract with options looks like a multiyear contract, it operates more like a series of annual contracts, and it cannot achieve the kinds of savings that are possible under MYP and BBC. CRS in recent years has testified and reported on the possibility of using BBC or MYP in Coast Guard ship acquisition programs, particularly the Coast Guard's 25-ship Offshore Patrol Cutter (OPC) program and the Coast Guard's three-ship polar icebreaker program. CRS estimates that using multiyear contracting rather than contracts with options for the entire 25-ship OPC program could reduce the cost of the OPC program by about $1 billion. The OPC program is the Coast Guard's top-priority acquisition program, and it represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reduce the acquisition cost of a Coast Guard acquisition program by an estimated $1 billion. CRS also estimates that using BBC for a three-ship polar icebreaker program could reduce the cost of that program by upwards of $150 million. The Coast Guard has expressed some interest in using BBC in the polar icebreaker program, but its baseline acquisition strategy for that program, like its current acquisition strategy for the OPC program, is to use a contract with options. As part of its FY2020 budget submission, the Department of Defense is proposing continued funding for implementing several MYP contracts initiated in fiscal years prior to FY2020, but it has not highlighted any requests for authority for new MYP or block buy contracts for major acquisition programs that would begin in FY2020. Appendix A. Text of 10 U.S.C. 2306b The text of 10 U.S.C. 2306b as of April 29, 2019, is as follows: §2306b. Multiyear contracts: acquisition of property (a) In General.-To the extent that funds are otherwise available for obligation, the head of an agency may enter into multiyear contracts for the purchase of property whenever the head of that agency finds each of the following: (1) That the use of such a contract will result in significant savings of the total anticipated costs of carrying out the program through annual contracts. (2) That the minimum need for the property to be purchased is expected to remain substantially unchanged during the contemplated contract period in terms of production rate, procurement rate, and total quantities. (3) That there is a reasonable expectation that throughout the contemplated contract period the head of the agency will request funding for the contract at the level required to avoid contract cancellation. (4) That there is a stable design for the property to be acquired and that the technical risks associated with such property are not excessive. (5) That the estimates of both the cost of the contract and the anticipated cost avoidance through the use of a multiyear contract are realistic. (6) In the case of a purchase by the Department of Defense, that the use of such a contract will promote the national security of the United States. (7) In the case of a contract in an amount equal to or greater than $500,000,000, that the conditions required by subparagraphs (C) through (F) of subsection (i)(3) will be met, in accordance with the Secretary's certification and determination under such subsection, by such contract. (b) Regulations.-(1) Each official named in paragraph (2) shall prescribe acquisition regulations for the agency or agencies under the jurisdiction of such official to promote the use of multiyear contracting as authorized by subsection (a) in a manner that will allow the most efficient use of multiyear contracting. (2)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe the regulations applicable to the Department of Defense. (B) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall prescribe the regulations applicable to the Coast Guard, except that the regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense shall apply to the Coast Guard when it is operating as a service in the Navy. (C) The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall prescribe the regulations applicable to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (c) Contract Cancellations.-The regulations may provide for cancellation provisions in multiyear contracts to the extent that such provisions are necessary and in the best interests of the United States. The cancellation provisions may include consideration of both recurring and nonrecurring costs of the contractor associated with the production of the items to be delivered under the contract. (d) Participation by Subcontractors, Vendors, and Suppliers.-In order to broaden the defense industrial base, the regulations shall provide that, to the extent practicable- (1) multiyear contracting under subsection (a) shall be used in such a manner as to seek, retain, and promote the use under such contracts of companies that are subcontractors, vendors, or suppliers; and (2) upon accrual of any payment or other benefit under such a multiyear contract to any subcontractor, vendor, or supplier company participating in such contract, such payment or benefit shall be delivered to such company in the most expeditious manner practicable. (e) Protection of Existing Authority.-The regulations shall provide that, to the extent practicable, the administration of this section, and of the regulations prescribed under this section, shall not be carried out in a manner to preclude or curtail the existing ability of an agency- (1) to provide for competition in the production of items to be delivered under such a contract; or (2) to provide for termination of a prime contract the performance of which is deficient with respect to cost, quality, or schedule. (f) Cancellation or Termination for Insufficient Funding.-In the event funds are not made available for the continuation of a contract made under this section into a subsequent fiscal year, the contract shall be canceled or terminated. The costs of cancellation or termination may be paid from- (1) appropriations originally available for the performance of the contract concerned; (2) appropriations currently available for procurement of the type of property concerned, and not otherwise obligated; or (3) funds appropriated for those payments. (g) Contract Cancellation Ceilings Exceeding $100,000,000.-(1) Before any contract described in subsection (a) that contains a clause setting forth a cancellation ceiling in excess of $100,000,000 may be awarded, the head of the agency concerned shall give written notification of the proposed contract and of the proposed cancellation ceiling for that contract to the congressional defense committees, and such contract may not then be awarded until the end of a period of 30 days beginning on the date of such notification. (2) In the case of a contract described in subsection (a) with a cancellation ceiling described in paragraph (1), if the budget for the contract does not include proposed funding for the costs of contract cancellation up to the cancellation ceiling established in the contract, the head of the agency concerned shall, as part of the certification required by subsection (i)(1)(A),1 give written notification to the congressional defense committees of- (A) the cancellation ceiling amounts planned for each program year in the proposed multiyear procurement contract, together with the reasons for the amounts planned; (B) the extent to which costs of contract cancellation are not included in the budget for the contract; and (C) a financial risk assessment of not including budgeting for costs of contract cancellation. (h) Defense Acquisitions of Weapon Systems.-In the case of the Department of Defense, the authority under subsection (a) includes authority to enter into the following multiyear contracts in accordance with this section: (1) A multiyear contract for the purchase of a weapon system, items and services associated with a weapon system, and logistics support for a weapon system. (2) A multiyear contract for advance procurement of components, parts, and materials necessary to the manufacture of a weapon system, including a multiyear contract for such advance procurement that is entered into in order to achieve economic-lot purchases and more efficient production rates. (i) Defense Acquisitions Specifically Authorized by Law.-(1) In the case of the Department of Defense, a multiyear contract in an amount equal to or greater than $500,000,000 may not be entered into under this section unless the contract is specifically authorized by law in an Act other than an appropriations Act. (2) In submitting a request for a specific authorization by law to carry out a defense acquisition program using multiyear contract authority under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall include in the request the following: (A) A report containing preliminary findings of the agency head required in paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a), together with the basis for such findings. (B) Confirmation that the preliminary findings of the agency head under subparagraph (A) were supported by a preliminary cost analysis performed by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. (3) A multiyear contract may not be entered into under this section for a defense acquisition program that has been specifically authorized by law to be carried out using multiyear contract authority unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing, not later than 30 days before entry into the contract, that each of the following conditions is satisfied: (A) The Secretary has determined that each of the requirements in paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) will be met by such contract and has provided the basis for such determination to the congressional defense committees. (B) The Secretary's determination under subparagraph (A) was made after completion of a cost analysis conducted on the basis of section 2334(e)(2) 1 of this title, and the analysis supports the determination. (C) The system being acquired pursuant to such contract has not been determined to have experienced cost growth in excess of the critical cost growth threshold pursuant to section 2433(d) of this title within 5 years prior to the date the Secretary anticipates such contract (or a contract for advance procurement entered into consistent with the authorization for such contract) will be awarded. (D) A sufficient number of end items of the system being acquired under such contract have been delivered at or within the most current estimates of the program acquisition unit cost or procurement unit cost for such system to determine that current estimates of such unit costs are realistic. (E) During the fiscal year in which such contract is to be awarded, sufficient funds will be available to perform the contract in such fiscal year, and the future-years defense program for such fiscal year will include the funding required to execute the program without cancellation. (F) The contract is a fixed price type contract. (G) The proposed multiyear contract provides for production at not less than minimum economic rates given the existing tooling and facilities. (4) If for any fiscal year a multiyear contract to be entered into under this section is authorized by law for a particular procurement program and that authorization is subject to certain conditions established by law (including a condition as to cost savings to be achieved under the multiyear contract in comparison to specified other contracts) and if it appears (after negotiations with contractors) that such savings cannot be achieved, but that significant savings could nevertheless be achieved through the use of a multiyear contract rather than specified other contracts, the President may submit to Congress a request for relief from the specified cost savings that must be achieved through multiyear contracting for that program. Any such request by the President shall include details about the request for a multiyear contract, including details about the negotiated contract terms and conditions. (5)(A) The Secretary may obligate funds for procurement of an end item under a multiyear contract for the purchase of property only for procurement of a complete and usable end item. (B) The Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year for advance procurement under a contract for the purchase of property only for the procurement of those long-lead items necessary in order to meet a planned delivery schedule for complete major end items that are programmed under the contract to be acquired with funds appropriated for a subsequent fiscal year (including an economic order quantity of such long-lead items when authorized by law). (6) The Secretary may make the certification under paragraph (3) notwithstanding the fact that one or more of the conditions of such certification are not met, if the Secretary determines that, due to exceptional circumstances, proceeding with a multiyear contract under this section is in the best interest of the Department of Defense and the Secretary provides the basis for such determination with the certification. (7) The Secretary may not delegate the authority to make the certification under paragraph (3) or the determination under paragraph (6) to an official below the level of Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. (j) Defense Contract Options for Varying Quantities.-The Secretary of Defense may instruct the Secretary of the military department concerned to incorporate into a proposed multiyear contract negotiated priced options for varying the quantities of end items to be procured over the period of the contract. (k) Multiyear Contract Defined.-For the purposes of this section, a multiyear contract is a contract for the purchase of property for more than one, but not more than five, program years. Such a contract may provide that performance under the contract during the second and subsequent years of the contract is contingent upon the appropriation of funds and (if it does so provide) may provide for a cancellation payment to be made to the contractor if such appropriations are not made. (l) Various Additional Requirements With Respect to Multiyear Defense Contracts.-(1)(A) The head of an agency may not initiate a contract described in subparagraph (B) unless the congressional defense committees are notified of the proposed contract at least 30 days in advance of the award of the proposed contract. (B) Subparagraph (A) applies to the following contracts: (i) A multiyear contract- (I) that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract; or (II) that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000. (ii) Any contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year. (2) The head of an agency may not initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government's liability. (3) The head of an agency may not initiate a multiyear procurement contract for any system (or component thereof) if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless authority for the contract is specifically provided in an appropriations Act. (4) Each report required by paragraph (5) with respect to a contract (or contract extension) shall contain the following: (A) The amount of total obligational authority under the contract (or contract extension) and the percentage that such amount represents of- (i) the applicable procurement account; and (ii) the agency procurement total. (B) The amount of total obligational authority under all multiyear procurements of the agency concerned (determined without regard to the amount of the multiyear contract (or contract extension)) under multiyear contracts in effect at the time the report is submitted and the percentage that such amount represents of- (i) the applicable procurement account; and (ii) the agency procurement total. (C) The amount equal to the sum of the amounts under subparagraphs (A) and (B), and the percentage that such amount represents of- (i) the applicable procurement account; and (ii) the agency procurement total. (D) The amount of total obligational authority under all Department of Defense multiyear procurements (determined without regard to the amount of the multiyear contract (or contract extension)), including any multiyear contract (or contract extension) that has been authorized by the Congress but not yet entered into, and the percentage that such amount represents of the procurement accounts of the Department of Defense treated in the aggregate. (5) The head of an agency may not enter into a multiyear contract (or extend an existing multiyear contract), the value of which would exceed $500,000,000 (when entered into or when extended, as the case may be), until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing the information described in paragraph (4) with respect to the contract (or contract extension). (6) The head of an agency may not terminate a multiyear procurement contract until 10 days after the date on which notice of the proposed termination is provided to the congressional defense committees. (7) The execution of multiyear contracting authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement. (8) This subsection does not apply to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration or to the Coast Guard. (9) In this subsection: (A) The term "applicable procurement account" means, with respect to a multiyear procurement contract (or contract extension), the appropriation account from which payments to execute the contract will be made. (B) The term "agency procurement total" means the procurement accounts of the agency entering into a multiyear procurement contract (or contract extension) treated in the aggregate. (m) Increased Funding and Reprogramming Requests.-Any request for increased funding for the procurement of a major system under a multiyear contract authorized under this section shall be accompanied by an explanation of how the request for increased funding affects the determinations made by the Secretary under subsection (i). Appendix B. Programs Approved for MYP in Annual DOD Appropriations Acts Since FY1990 This appendix presents, in two tables, programs approved for MYP in annual DOD appropriations acts since FY1990. Table B-1 covers FY2011 to the present, and Table B-2 covers FY1990 through FY2010.
Answers: ["Multiyear procurement (MYP) and block buy contracting (BBC) are special contracting mechanisms that Congress permits the Department of Defense (DOD) to use for a limited number of defense acquisition programs. Compared to the standard or default approach of annual contracting, MYP and BBC have the potential for reducing weapon procurement costs by a few or several percent. Under annual contracting, DOD uses one or more contracts for each year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item. Under MYP, DOD instead uses a single contract for two to five years' worth of procurement of a given kind of item without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. DOD needs congressional approval for each use of MYP. There is a permanent statute governing MYP contracting—10 U.S.C. 2306b. Under this statute, a program must meet several criteria to qualify for MYP. Compared with estimated costs under annual contracting, estimated savings for programs being proposed for MYP have ranged from less than 5% to more than 15%, depending on the particulars of the program in question, with many estimates falling in the range of 5% to 10%. In practice, actual savings from using MYP rather than annual contracting can be difficult to observe or verify because of cost growth during the execution of the contract due to changes in the program independent of the use of MYP rather than annual contracting. BBC is similar to MYP in that it permits DOD to use a single contract for more than one year's worth of procurement of a given kind of item without having to exercise a contract option for each year after the first year. BBC is also similar to MYP in that DOD needs congressional approval for each use of BBC. BBC differs from MYP in the following ways: There is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC. There is no requirement that BBC be approved in both a DOD appropriations act and an act other than a DOD appropriations act. Programs being considered for BBC do not need to meet any legal criteria to qualify for BBC, because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that establishes such criteria. A BBC contract can cover more than five years of planned procurements. Economic order quantity (EOQ) authority—the authority to bring forward selected key components of the items to be procured under the contract and purchase the components in batch form during the first year or two of the contract—does not come automatically as part of BBC authority because there is no permanent statute governing the use of BBC that includes EOQ authority as an automatic feature. BBC contracts are less likely to include cancellation penalties. Potential issues for Congress concerning MYP and BBC include whether to use MYP and BBC in the future more frequently, less frequently, or about as frequently as they are currently used; whether to create a permanent statute to govern the use of BBC, analogous to the permanent statute that governs the use of MYP; and whether the Coast Guard should begin making use of MYP and BBC."]
Length: 8537
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: qmsum
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Summarize the discussion about the working design of the remote control.
Context: Project Manager: So
Marketing: So {disfmarker}
Project Manager: I hope you're ready for this uh functional design meeting .
Marketing: Of course . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Um so I will take the minutes you mm you three are going to do presentation . Um uh we want to know {disfmarker} to {disfmarker} at the end to know the new project's requirement so we need uh to know the the user uh needs that we want to fulfil to fulfil the {disfmarker} from the technical part we want to know how it going to work and um third part {vocalsound} uh I don't remember {vocalsound}
Marketing: {vocalsound} {vocalsound}
Project Manager: which is not very good . Ah of course , how to to design this uh this {disfmarker}
Marketing: Nice stuff {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} yeah . So um let's go for the three presentations , so first um Marketing Expert .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Who starts ? {vocalsound} Oh . Ha . okay .
Project Manager: So wait a minute . Mm .
Marketing: So I dunno if I can do that like this ? Yeah ? So it's being modified . Do you want {disfmarker} yeah , open . Read only . I hope I saved it . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: So , um
User Interface: Sammy Benjo . I know this name uh .
Marketing: yeah , this is my name . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Sounds uh {disfmarker}
User Interface: {vocalsound} We met before .
Marketing: So as you know , you {disfmarker} I think you already know me , Sammy Benjo . I am the expert in marketing and I want to tell you about what people uh s want and uh like and dislike in remote controls , and I hope this is going to help you to to design it correctly . So next please . Uh-oh . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Mm {vocalsound} uh .
Industrial Designer: Yeah , it is put F_ five {gap} .
Project Manager: Hmm .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Hmm .
Industrial Designer: The full page presentation , yep .
Marketing: Yeah maybe in the full page
Project Manager: Okay .
User Interface: F_ F_ five .
Marketing: because i I spent lots of time doing this presentation , so .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Yep .
Project Manager: F_ five .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: Uh-huh hmm okay .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . Mm .
Marketing: So basically uh what I suggest is that uh instead of deciding ourself what what could be and what should be a good uh remote control , let's ask people who are users of remote controls how they feel about w the current remote controls , what they like , what they don't like and um and what they do with them by the way {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: because they are supposed to be useful . {vocalsound} Don't forget about that . So we've we've conducted a a survey on on the use of uh remote controls and I'd like to show you some of the results we found on this survey . And next please . Yeah , so basically what we found was that uh there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls . First of all , they find it very ugly . {vocalsound} Current remote controls as you know they're the same as this one uh they're not nice colour , not nice shape , I mean they're all the same , and they're not l good looking . Um what is interesting is that in fact it seems that they were {disfmarker} people are ready to pay for nice and look {disfmarker} and fancy looking uh remote control , so I think we should probably spend lots of time in {disfmarker} and effort in that um . And the other thing is that uh the the current remote controls are not so easy to use and it it {disfmarker} the the current uh facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls . For instance uh we see that uh they zap very often so I think this is a very uh important uh functionality that it should be easy for them to to zap uh in one way or another . And most of the buttons uh on uh current remote controls are not used , so I think we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using . Um next please . {vocalsound} Now {vocalsound} people are very frustrated w with their {vocalsound} remote controls
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} {vocalsound}
Marketing: and they for instance uh they don't even find it {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: it's {vocalsound} it's often lost somewhere in the in the {disfmarker} in your home and nobody knows where it is .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
User Interface: Agree .
Marketing: Maybe if we have something where we could {vocalsound} ask the remote control please , where are you ?
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} Yeah .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Like uh something to to {disfmarker} like t I think phones . Some of the phones have some of this kind of s functionality . Uh of course phone you can always phone your phone
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: but {vocalsound} you can't phone your {vocalsound} your remote control .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} You can {disfmarker} you are {gap} .
Project Manager: Why not ? {vocalsound}
Marketing: But why not ? Yeah .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody use ,
Industrial Designer: Hmm .
Marketing: in fact they don't even know how to use them , so most of the the people say they they don't know how to {disfmarker} they {disfmarker} to use properly their r remote controls . And uh they are bad for R_S_I_ but uh I don't remember what is R_S_I_ .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Okay uh tha that's look great .
Marketing: {vocalsound} So I think they are bad . {vocalsound}
User Interface: {vocalsound} R_S_I_ mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} {vocalsound}
Marketing: Mm-hmm . Mm nobody has any idea about that ? Well I'll check uh with my
Industrial Designer: Yeah , it's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect .
Marketing: Oh , okay ,
User Interface: No , I don't think so .
Marketing: I think it's a technical thing
Industrial Designer: Yeah ,
Marketing: which our {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology ,
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . Okay .
Marketing: Okay .
User Interface: Okay .
Industrial Designer: and those waves have high {disfmarker}
Marketing: So , it seems that {vocalsound} it's a lot of people for a concept that we don't know {vocalsound}
User Interface: But twenty six percent , do you know {disfmarker}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Or something we don't know . {vocalsound} Mm-hmm . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Uh .
User Interface: Twenty five . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Uh .
Marketing: but we have to take this into account .
User Interface: Every fourth , you know . {vocalsound} Every four {disfmarker} some of us knows .
Industrial Designer: Yeah it's {disfmarker} People really {vocalsound} {disfmarker}
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Okay .
Marketing: So anyway
User Interface: One of us {disfmarker}
Marketing: that's for what the biggest frustration uh of the user and um
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Yeah .
Marketing: what else do I have ? Next slide ? Ah yeah .
User Interface: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: So we've listed a couple of uh
User Interface: Functions .
Marketing: s uh functions that may be uh used by u the user in the current uh available uh remote controls and uh well the tables look very nice to read but what is important is to understand that the power button is not used often because in general you {vocalsound} use it only once per session , but it is very relevant . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: People want to have a power button . Channel selection is uh o often used {disfmarker} very often used and indeed uh very relevant .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: {vocalsound} Ah {vocalsound} now I remember what is R_S_I_ {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: it's repetitivity stress injury . {vocalsound} We have to be careful with that word but {vocalsound} uh anyway
Industrial Designer: Uh .
Marketing: I continue my presentation so {disfmarker} yeah ,
User Interface: {vocalsound}
Marketing: channel selection is um very important , very often used . Volume is not often used but people uh want to have control on volume and that makes sense of course . And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings . Audio settings , screen settings , even teletext and channel settings . All of them . they're not often used and they are s more or less relevant . It seems that people find teletext teletext uh relevant , even if I personally never use it but seems that it's average relevant at least , so .
Project Manager: I have been told that we uh don't consider teletext , that it's out of date now because of internet .
Marketing: I can tell you that uh in a l in a scale between one and ten relevant uh not relevant to relevant people scored a six on this , which is not as uh these these two one were {disfmarker} had I think ten I think .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: But but if you compare with these ones , uh I think they scored a one or two .
Industrial Designer: Hmm .
Marketing: Not very relevant , so if if there are good reason not to put teletext it's okay but just know that people find it somehow relevant .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm
User Interface: Mm-hmm .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: That's for the main functions I think and uh then we can ask uh ourself uh what people don't have that may be useful . For instance I think {disfmarker} net next slide . {vocalsound} One of the thing {disfmarker} the trend uh that uh you are probably aware of is the possibility {disfmarker} the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control , so you wouldn't have to tap tap in your buttons but just tell your remote control or whatever you need you have what you want . So we've conducted a survey about uh whether people would like or not to have uh this kind of uh functionality in their remote control and as we can see it really depends on the age . Young people , probably because it's a buzz word , find it very relevant . And uh as the age goes up {vocalsound} the {vocalsound} the relevance goes down .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} Yeah .
Marketing: {vocalsound} So now it really depends on the kind of uh targeting uh wha who are we targeting with this remote control ?
Industrial Designer: 'Cause {disfmarker}
Marketing: I think if we are targeting young people then uh it's probably something we have to consider . If we are targeting you very old people this is something they really don't know why they {disfmarker} this should be so now
Project Manager: Mm-mm . Okay .
Marketing: this is of course , depends on that . And um I don't have any conclusion , I didn't have time the meeting was very tight , so that's basically my findings . And uh , if you have any question ?
Project Manager: Mm I think it's good , okay . You done a good review .
User Interface: I got one question ,
Marketing: I can go back .
Industrial Designer: Thank you .
Marketing: Yeah one question ,
User Interface: uh you are a Market Expert
Marketing: yeah ?
User Interface: so
Marketing: I am . {vocalsound}
User Interface: should we aim at the young people or not ?
Marketing: I think we should aim at the young people . But uh I think they are {disfmarker} they are those uh who might be more interested in a in a new device .
Industrial Designer: Mm .
Marketing: In general the the early adopters of a new device are young people , less than {disfmarker} more than {disfmarker}
User Interface: Okay , then teletext is used less .
Industrial Designer: Mm .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: Then teletext is useless for them I think ,
User Interface: Okay .
Marketing: yeah . Because they they have other means of finding their information . Yeah .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm mm mm . Okay .
User Interface: Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm .
Project Manager: That's good point .
Marketing: But {disfmarker} yeah . Nope .
Industrial Designer: Mm , yep .
User Interface: Mm . Okay .
Project Manager: Okay .
Marketing: 'Kay ?
Industrial Designer: Thank you .
Project Manager: So um now I think it's the turn of the the {disfmarker} {vocalsound} I'm not sure um {disfmarker}
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Of the technical function , so {vocalsound} uh
Marketing: So I think it's you , huh ?
Industrial Designer: Uh it's
Marketing: No ? {vocalsound}
User Interface: {vocalsound} That's me .
Project Manager: what effect {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: techni function of {disfmarker}
Marketing: No , user requiremen
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: Okay . Wait a second .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Argh .
Industrial Designer: I have to do working design so uh
Project Manager: So you're {disfmarker}
User Interface: That's {disfmarker} but this but number three , yes . Mm-hmm . So , my name is Mark Dwight , and um I am responsible for User Interface Design .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
User Interface: However , uh mm Project Manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design . Uh , as I'm a more an artist
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
User Interface: that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this .
Project Manager: Okay . Let's go .
User Interface: So next slide please . And uh a general method which is {disfmarker} seems to be very useful for our task
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Mm .
User Interface: is not to forget about uh Occam razor . We should never complicate things too much . We should only make a remote control , nothing more . Nothing more than this , just a remote control .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
User Interface: 'Cause current remote controls they are never easy enough to use .
Marketing: Makes sense . {vocalsound}
User Interface: So , make a click , please . So here is this remote control .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
User Interface: It's quite a standard one , but it's not from a T_V_ , it's from a much easier device like air conditioning or something . But you know , we can use it for a T_V_ easily . Only buttons we need is on off , volume , channels and maybe some options or something else , and please make a click , compared to this one
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} It's {disfmarker}
User Interface: which one would you prefer ? I guess this .
Industrial Designer: Yeah , yeah .
Marketing: I would say the simplest one as long as there are the uh {disfmarker} I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button .
User Interface: Sure , sure .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Maybe it can be yeah middle of {disfmarker} like , between those two
User Interface: Yeah , and our method is going to be , provide simple
Industrial Designer: li
Project Manager: Oh sorry . {vocalsound}
User Interface: simple desires into simple actions .
Marketing: Nice . Nice sentence .
User Interface: Findings .
Project Manager: Okay .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Oh sorry .
User Interface: Our question of the style , we should remember that our company
Marketing: {vocalsound}
User Interface: puts fashion into electronics and we should never forget about it .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
User Interface: Concept .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} S you should {disfmarker} yeah .
User Interface: {vocalsound} Be simple . Be simple and you'll lean on this market .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
User Interface: Market is a {disfmarker} of remote controls {disfmarker} you know it better ,
Marketing: Mm .
User Interface: it's very well , it's it's not an easy field to to play , you know ? So be simple .
Marketing: {vocalsound} {vocalsound}
User Interface: For personal preferences I think that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: {vocalsound}
User Interface: It's a really good style , it going to be {disfmarker} look like like this . It is unbreakable and it is very universal . W we'll have a screen with a back light which can change colours ,
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
User Interface: and we can put all the options into this screen . We'll need only few buttons . All the other things can be controlled through the screen . And all these buttons should be easy to find and to click , 'cause when you watch a movie and you want to change something , you always try to find a good button and click it , but you should do it by touching it and finding it easily just by touch . So {disfmarker} Press {disfmarker}
Project Manager: {gap}
User Interface: I would propose this concept for design , just few buttons , a screen with a back light which can change colours , titanium
Industrial Designer: Mm .
User Interface: I think , and uh what else ? I got just very few and good ideas . We need power and volume . And let us include two nice features into this device , first , power on and off can be made fully automatic . When you go to the sofa , take your control and point it to the T_V_ ,
Project Manager: It's off .
Marketing: Hmm .
Project Manager: It's on .
User Interface: the T_V_ turns on .
Marketing: And when does it turn off ?
User Interface: When you don't touch the control but you go out of the {disfmarker} For for enough time
Marketing: Oh so you have a
User Interface: like uh you {disfmarker}
Marketing: sensing {disfmarker} sensor machine that uh knows {disfmarker}
User Interface: It's a question to our technical design , our {vocalsound} two engineers .
Industrial Designer: {gap} {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: Tech {vocalsound}
User Interface: And another nice feature that I would like to implement is uh volume control . Suppose you set u you set up some volume and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room and take your control with you . Like , you want to to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa or something , and then the volume changes .
Project Manager: Or you want to go to the kitchen . {vocalsound}
User Interface: It's easy to do ,
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
User Interface: you just control the {disfmarker}
Marketing: According to your distance to {disfmarker} and the angle maybe , if you have a stereo system .
Industrial Designer: Distance .
User Interface: According to the distance . {gap} Yeah yeah yeah . So {disfmarker}
Marketing: Uh I'm not sure about the screen , wha what is the use usefulness of the screen ? Uh is it a touch screen by the way ?
User Interface: I think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left , right , up , down and enter .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: So it gives instructions but uh it has to be with an back light somehow . {gap}
User Interface: So , its main purpose in fact is a back light ,
Industrial Designer: Mm-hmm .
User Interface: which change colours ,
Marketing: Okay .
User Interface: which makes it easier to find , and each can {disfmarker} it can respond for your voice , like it can turn on the light for you just to f find it easily , yeah ?
Project Manager: Mm .
Marketing: Okay .
User Interface: So basically that's it .
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Um I see that you target uh several s application not only T_V_ but i like we talk about um universal uh remote control .
User Interface: Can be easily done ,
Project Manager: Yeah .
User Interface: 'cause you got simple designs , y we should put it to simple actions .
Project Manager: Hmm .
User Interface: Let it be universal , so you want to use it for your hi-fi system . You want to change tracks and you want to adjust volume .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . {vocalsound}
User Interface: Just few actions , a few actions for everything .
Industrial Designer: Mm .
Project Manager: Hmm . S
User Interface: All the rest , we sh we'll put it into this menu on the screen .
Project Manager: Mm . Since we were targeting a really soon uh uh date for the the the um i issuing of this uh remote control I think we will only concentrate on T_V_ for the moment and then maybe m make it more generalised {disfmarker} yeah .
User Interface: Okay , okay .
Industrial Designer: Mm . Yeah and it {disfmarker} mm .
User Interface: Okay , but it's quite universal you know .
Industrial Designer: Mm .
User Interface: We can just extend it to any device .
Industrial Designer: Mm .
Marketing: So for instance if I want to go to {disfmarker} directly to channel twenty five , how would I do {disfmarker} can I do that with this ?
User Interface: Uh twenty five .
Marketing: Yeah mm let's say I am uh on channel eight now . You know these days we have hundreds of channels ,
User Interface: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: that's not so easy to go just next next next when you have hundreds of channels .
User Interface: {vocalsound} In fact I would propose another solution .
Marketing: Or is it ?
User Interface: Basically you use just four or five channels , right ?
Marketing: Most people {disfmarker}
User Interface: Yeah .
Marketing: yeah .
User Interface: So uh set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one , two , three and five , and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel .
Marketing: In fact in in one uh remote control that I've seen , instead of doing that d you could just say these are the cha ch channel three , twenty eight , forty eight and uh sixty four are those that I want to by cycled with my next button .
Project Manager: Yeah it's it's the same solution , I think . Hmm .
Marketing: I uh {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: B yeah .
Industrial Designer: But even we can have some uh L_C_D_ display , like you can uh de you can just button the number
Marketing: Go to channel twenty five .
Industrial Designer: and then it go
Marketing: One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap .
Industrial Designer: t because {disfmarker} Yeah .
Marketing: So even if they are only watching four or five channels , I think they want to zap out of the one hundred channels ,
User Interface: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: But still {disfmarker} Yeah .
Marketing: just because this is one kind of thing they do , zapping .
Project Manager: Yeah uh on zap it's only next next next next next , yeah .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: And it's only next .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: Yeah
User Interface: Mm . We got these buttons here . Next next .
Marketing: so {disfmarker} but you have to {disfmarker}
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: Okay .
Industrial Designer: Yeah. .
User Interface: Or say this can be back .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . But otherwise like we can put some display on numbers and then they can just press {disfmarker} suppose two five they just press two and five
Marketing: So it would be {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: and then {disfmarker}
Marketing: Okay .
Project Manager: Maybe we can make uh different modes for each button
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: and you can change mode {disfmarker} zapping mode or
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Yeah , yeah .
Marketing: Mm-hmm . Alright .
Project Manager: uh current chan
Industrial Designer: Yeah , yeah . Yeah but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls
Marketing: {vocalsound} Listening more .
Project Manager: Yeah .
Industrial Designer: so we can have more functions for T_V_
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: uh if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Okay .
User Interface: Could we carry out some research if we w really need this , like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four ?
Marketing: Well I could could uh have a look at that {vocalsound} maybe .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
User Interface: {vocalsound} Okay .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Yeah .
Marketing: {vocalsound} I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that . {vocalsound}
User Interface: {vocalsound} Okay .
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Okay .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: Although I don't know . {vocalsound}
User Interface: Alright ? Thanks for your attention .
Project Manager: Uh you're finish ? Okay . So now {vocalsound} the technical aspects of this new device . Mm .
Industrial Designer: Two . Yeah , if {disfmarker} {gap} Sorry .
Project Manager: You prefer it {gap} . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Uh as you know , I am mister Ramaro . I am an expert in uh industrial design of all electronic devices and I previously devised many uh {disfmarker} like digital calculators and electronic calculators . {vocalsound} So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control . Well , as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the the device , like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera . So we will have a p portable device which will send message to the the main device like T_V_ . So we need to have some energy source to do what {disfmarker} to do the functions , what we want on this portable device . {vocalsound} And usually this {disfmarker} so to do these functions we need an interface , which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that . And then these messages {disfmarker} these key buttons can be transferred into some kind of message and then it will process by the chip and then it will generate some information to the main device . It's generally in the form of infrared or some kind of s sensor information . Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want . So , basically we need uh since we are focusing on our interface device {gap} remote control mainly the energy source like the battery and then we have user interface like uh the keypad and you know buttons we want , and then we have some chip , it's mainly digital signal processing chip because since we are {disfmarker} I am one doing mostly digital uh devices we ought to have some kind of processor which take care of all these functions and put it in some digital format . And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source which sends the information to the main device . Then we'll have switch in our main uh um device to do particular operations , and we ought to do different codes for different T_V_s ,
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: so some T_V_s will have different encryption codes for doing s s uh channel changing and these things .
Project Manager: Okay . To make it quite uh an universal uh device uh .
Industrial Designer: Yeah yeah , because the people don't use one particular brand so
Project Manager: Mm .
Industrial Designer: or at least we have more more than five brands , which are really good .
Project Manager: Okay .
Industrial Designer: So we need to check their specifications and do their uh encryption that's passing information to the T_V_ device . So we need to have particular encryption codes .
Project Manager: Okay .
Industrial Designer: Then , components , so we have the main uh energy source and then we will have some buttons and then we will have infrared uh source and then we have some inside some chip in in the device . Uh since I don't have much time so I'll input the connections to all this components . And since I also want to know feedback from our Marketing Expert and User Interface ,
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . And from from the discussion we had do you {disfmarker} can you make it on the whiteboard , or {disfmarker} mm .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . Yeah , I'm sure , because since our User Interface {gap} speech recognition and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy ,
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: so
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: we can have another , like uh s simple speech recogniser on our D_S_B_ chip .
Project Manager: Mm .
Industrial Designer: Since we have some kind of uh energy this is our this normal battery , so this battery , once you s switch on it will take power and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip so that and we will put uh the small uh simple speech recogniser
Project Manager: On {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: and we can also train the speech recogniser for particular user so you just {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Uh train it , okay . Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: yeah , so that we just use simple recog
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
User Interface: {vocalsound} Too complex .
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: no but but {disfmarker}
Marketing: But uh very very good to sell . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Yeah . No , even in {disfmarker} you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , yeah .
Marketing: Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them ,
User Interface: Okay . Okay .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: and ha ha you cannot use my remote control ,
Project Manager: Mm . {vocalsound}
Marketing: because it's targeted to me . Whatever . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: And what about the price of this component ?
Industrial Designer: So {disfmarker} Uh maybe we can make uh it in five Euros and even less than that ,
Project Manager: It mm {disfmarker} okay .
Marketing: Hmm . Cheap .
Industrial Designer: because we want to have uh millions and in bulk ,
Marketing: Millions . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Mm . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: so we can make really simp
Project Manager: Okay .
Industrial Designer: and we want to make really simple device
Marketing: Cheap .
Industrial Designer: because we have only very few words like like power , switch on or some like
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: then we'll have something like this um we'll have volume and then we will have s particular channel , so users can listen .
Marketing: The user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: or or it will be something like volume , up , down .
Industrial Designer: Ye No , yeah , a user can use any kind of sender but they should have this prompt {gap} volume and then {disfmarker} {vocalsound}
Marketing: Okay .
Project Manager: With a keywords and {disfmarker} yeah .
Industrial Designer: yeah volume and decrease or increase , so we try to only recognise those words
Marketing: Okay .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm mm .
Industrial Designer: and and because we can't really say user to say same wording
Marketing: Couple of words .
Industrial Designer: then it become more mechanical and {disfmarker} yeah .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: Okay .
Project Manager: Okay .
User Interface: Um .
Industrial Designer: And then we can have channel they can say , okay I want eight , because we don't know like users have different programmes , I mean they don't really follow same channels strict uh so we just want channel number ,
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Okay .
User Interface: {vocalsound} Okay . {gap} {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: we don't want like B_B_C_ or C_N_N_ or something else
Marketing: Of course uh it has to be {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: because it will be complicated so we'll have only these three uh main basic uh anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem ,
Marketing: Okay .
Industrial Designer: it's it it will be take care of our main {disfmarker} mm .
User Interface: No you know it's a conceptual question , 'cause now I see th this {disfmarker} the picture in front of my eyes like a user taking his remote control and shouting into it , volume up , volume up ,
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: {vocalsound} But then I think you you {disfmarker} {vocalsound}
User Interface: and and he's coming {disfmarker} you know , he's really annoyed with this , down , up , down . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: First of all I I think this is not uh functionality that it is going to be instead of using the buttons .
Project Manager: No , in no not only speech , yeah .
Marketing: It's on top of using the button .
Project Manager: {vocalsound} I it's an option .
User Interface: Okay , for this budget like twelve Euros .
Marketing: Well , I dunno . {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Yeah actually we we can have one switch to like uh switch on , on and off , this {gap} processor and {disfmarker} This really {gap} , suppose like here we have our main chip which controls power , volume and this part and this D_S_P_s .
User Interface: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: Again , this to have some interaction like suppose people use D_S_P_ then it particularly sends some information to the chip like in some form , like volume and {gap} like this key .
User Interface: Okay. .
Industrial Designer: So it may not be like very expensive , because since we are only focusing on T_V_ remote control
Marketing: T_V_ .
Project Manager: Okay .
User Interface: Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: so {disfmarker} and we have only few things here {disfmarker}
Project Manager: Sho to to train , okay .
User Interface: Did you consider the r gest uh gesture recognition ?
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
User Interface: Like , if I want to put volume up I like do {disfmarker} mm I take my remote control do like {disfmarker} something like
Marketing: {vocalsound}
User Interface: roll 'em up
Industrial Designer: Um uh uh this point we didn't consider
User Interface: or roll 'em down .
Project Manager: Mm .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Very expensive ,
Industrial Designer: because it's it's very expensive
Marketing: no ?
Industrial Designer: because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros
Project Manager: And well , what about the idea of automatic on off on the button , yeah .
User Interface: Mm why ?
Industrial Designer: and {disfmarker}
User Interface: That's just {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: Yeah ,
Marketing: And volume control .
Industrial Designer: even automatic on off is also a bit problematic , because it {disfmarker} different criteria for different people like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they don't touch the remote and mm y you don't know how much time you need to switch on or switch off
Marketing: So but uh {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: and {disfmarker}
Marketing: Sh should we target a a user personalised uh uh remote control ? So in in a given room there might be more than one remote control . We would uh have each one and uh with our own personal uh settings .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: Yay yeah . Yeah that can be possible , especially for power settings , so user can say okay , suppose they're watching a tennis match or something then they can say okay uh after one hour I {disfmarker}
Marketing: Hmm .
Project Manager: Wouldn't that make uh {vocalsound} arguments ?
Industrial Designer: They can make {disfmarker}
Marketing: {vocalsound} Yeah , of course .
Project Manager: I want uh {vocalsound}
User Interface: {vocalsound}
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} {vocalsound} Yeah we can have {disfmarker}
Marketing: {vocalsound} {vocalsound} That's no problem , we will sell more . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} And we can increase this {vocalsound} the strength
User Interface: {vocalsound} We got a really good Market Expert .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound}
Marketing: Yeah exactly .
Project Manager: {vocalsound} y you can buy one with {vocalsound}
User Interface: Let's send more , let's sell more .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . {vocalsound}
User Interface: Okay .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . Okay . You have mm something else to say ? Uh .
Industrial Designer: Uh , not very much ,
Project Manager: No .
Industrial Designer: like {disfmarker} yeah .
Marketing: Okay . Thanks .
Project Manager: Okay , thanks .
Industrial Designer: Thank you . Yep . Thank you .
Project Manager: {vocalsound} So
Industrial Designer: Can you just {disfmarker} yeah .
Project Manager: mm
Industrial Designer: {gap}
Project Manager: mm I think , okay , we're just on time . Um mm mm . So , we're now going to l have the lunch break .
Marketing: Mm great . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: {vocalsound} Then we will work again for thirty minutes individual work , and um {vocalsound} we will uh meet again for the next meeting , and uh in this one want to to be more focused on the individual actions the um {disfmarker} on the components so {vocalsound} uh you will focus on the component concept um
Industrial Designer: Yeah yeah .
Project Manager: uh of course the U_I_D_ Mark will be uh focused on the user interface concept
Industrial Designer: Mark will {disfmarker}
Project Manager: and uh our m Market Expert Sammy Benjo uh on the trend watching . So {vocalsound} um of course like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal personal coach . Well I think that's all . And we have um maybe we have to {disfmarker} we say , only for T_V_ , not teletext ?
Marketing: {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Uh I think automatic on off control uh it's not possible .
Industrial Designer: Uh it's in current price , yeah .
Marketing: Difficult .
Project Manager: Yeah , maybe in the next uh step if we make it work um .
Industrial Designer: Yeah . But speech recogniser can be possible .
Project Manager: Yeah , implemented . O okay , we can think about that .
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
Project Manager: And um do you see something else ?
Marketing: No .
User Interface: Uh , should it be equipped with the uh , with uh speakers ?
Marketing: {vocalsound} Speakers in the remote cont
User Interface: Like , you want to find it , you shout
Marketing: Oh yeah .
Project Manager: Uh yeah
User Interface: control ,
Project Manager: that's {disfmarker}
User Interface: and it answers is I'm here ? Or {disfmarker}
Marketing: It just beeps .
User Interface: Just beeps ?
Marketing: That would be enough .
Project Manager: Or maybe you want to phone him .
Marketing: Something very cheap .
Project Manager: Since now all {disfmarker}
Industrial Designer: Yeah yeah yeah .
Marketing: But that's ex that's expensive . Uh .
Project Manager: yeah ? Think
Industrial Designer: Yeah , especially the power , it really consumes
Project Manager: Uh-huh .
Industrial Designer: because it should be all the time on and {disfmarker}
Project Manager: And uh {disfmarker}
Marketing: Well I I heard of devices where you just uh whistle them and and they {disfmarker}
Project Manager: And it's answered .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: because of the the frequency they they just answer to that .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
User Interface: I can't whistle . No , no , I can't .
Marketing: You can't whistle . Uh-huh .
Project Manager: {vocalsound}
Marketing: Or a clap . You can clap . Can you ?
Project Manager: Clap clap clap it's a good {disfmarker}
User Interface: Mm .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: Clap is good .
Project Manager: I I think it's universal .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Marketing: Tak
Project Manager: {vocalsound} What about people without hand ?
User Interface: {vocalsound} Okay .
Marketing: {vocalsound} Just a {vocalsound} suggestion .
Industrial Designer: {vocalsound} Yeah I think it's good .
Project Manager: Yeah . {vocalsound}
Marketing: {vocalsound} With only one hand ? {vocalsound} {vocalsound} These are not our target people . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Mm uh okay .
Industrial Designer: But it's a good feature I guess yeah we need to think about more how to incorporate it .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm . Okay .
User Interface: Just don't interfere with other devices like 'cause like all these people do that their lights are turning on with clapping .
Marketing: Mm-hmm .
Industrial Designer: Oh .
Marketing: Oh that's e that already exists
User Interface: Yeah , I got it at my home , like {gap} {vocalsound} .
Marketing: okay okay .
Project Manager: Mm-hmm .
Marketing: Oh yeah , you do have .
User Interface: Oops .
Industrial Designer: Ah it's {disfmarker} {vocalsound}
Marketing: Wow . You're trendy . {vocalsound}
Project Manager: Mm-hmm , so {vocalsound} let's to think s so that {disfmarker}
Marketing: Think about it .
Project Manager: yeah . I think that could be in the component uh concept uh .
Marketing: Yeah , okay .
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: It {disfmarker} yes . {vocalsound} Okay .
Marketing: Okay . Good
Project Manager: So ,
Marketing: we're done ?
Project Manager: yeah ,
Industrial Designer: Yeah .
Project Manager: let's go to lunch .
Industrial Designer: Thank you , thank you very much .
Marketing: Right , thanks .
Project Manager: {gap}
Answers: ['The industrial designer described the product as a portable device with some energy source, an interface which included some pressing buttons and keys, a processor, some infrared source which could send the information to the main device, and different encryption codes for different TVs. Since the Marketing and the user interface designer mentioned speech recognition, the industrial designer also took that into account. All these components would cost 5 Euros or even less than that. As for gesture recognition and automatic power control, the group gave them up due to price issues. At the end of the meeting, the group also talked about how to enable the users to find the controller.']
Length: 7341
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: multi_news
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 
Context: Passage 1:
Members of Occupy Philadelphia remain on site at City Hall into the evening of Nov. 28. (David M Warren / Staff Photographer) NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR About 100 Occupy Philly protesters sat down on the cold concrete of Dilworth Plaza at 5 p.m. Sunday and waited to be rousted for violating a deadline Mayor Nutter had set for the group to leave. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR But the expected police eviction had not happened by late Sunday evening, and city officials continued to avoid saying when, or whether, they would throw the Occupiers and their tents off City Hall's so-called front lawn. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "We are expecting people to pack up and leave," said Mark McDonald, spokesman for Mayor Nutter. "I'm not going to speculate about what the city might do at any time down the road from now." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR For about 90 minutes, protesters chanted slogans such as, "What does democracy look like? This is what democracy looks like." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR They served squash soup in paper cups, handed out bottles of water, and railed against what they believe is excessive corporate greed and power. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR All the while, police looked on calmly. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Police had no plans to evict anyone, Chief Inspector Joseph Sullivan said about 6:30 p.m. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "We look forward to working with Occupy Philadelphia and a resolution of the problem. Confrontation is never good. Anyone who is being fair would have to say that there is a big difference between the police reaction to Occupy Philadelphia than in other cities," he said. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "I definitely, definitely want to really stress that the vast majority of people participating in this movement have been cooperative, nonviolent, and very respectful," he said. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Sullivan cautioned, however, that protesters would be prevented from setting up another camp elsewhere in the city unless they got a permit. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR The city has said it needs to erect fencing this week for work at Dilworth Plaza, including renovation of the SEPTA tunnels and the addition of grass, a cafe, stage, and winter ice rink. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Over the last few days, Occupy Philly participants, many homeless, had begun to take down their tents. By 7:15 p.m. Sunday, roughly a third of what originally was about 300 tents were gone. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Darrin Annussek, an unemployed career counselor, and William Tuttle, a student, were folding up Annussek's tent Sunday. Someone had stolen Tuttle's tent, and the men, who got married at Occupy Philly last month, said they probably would move to the Occupy site in Washington. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "I wanted to protest the fact that corporations have too much control and government hasn't done much to stop it," Annussek said. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR He said he believed Nutter had exaggerated the health and safety concerns the mayor cited in explaining why he could not issue protesters a permit for a new location once the $50 million renovation project began. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "I really thought this would become one of the longer occupations," Annussek said. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Ellen Rogovinhart of Elkins Park said she thought the city could have done more to help the Occupiers find a new location, possibly in a church. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "I know the city has work to do," Rogovinhart said. "But I think this is a very important movement." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR She was hoping Philadelphia police would not use force, as police in Oakland and other cities have, to get Occupiers to move. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Rogovinhart held a sign that read, "The eyes of the world are watching to see if we are the city of brotherly and sisterly love today." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR At times it seemed the whole world were watching. On Sunday night, hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, using the screen name @Uncle Rush, went on Twitter to ask Nutter to "remember this is a nonviolent movement - please show restraint tonight." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Nutter tweeted back that he agreed. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR On the west side of City Hall, several hundred people gathered to observe what would happen to those risking arrest. The crowd used its "human mic" system of amplification, in which others repeat what each person says so all could hear. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "I went to college. I graduated with honors," Marcel Williams Foster yelled, and the crowd repeated. "I work three part-time jobs with no benefits and I have $50,000 in student loans." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Lauren Keiser, 26, a student from Audubon, said she was willing to get arrested because she believed homeless people, who are a constant presence on the plaza, deserve more help. She thinks the money that will transform Dilworth could be better spent on housing, addiction programs, and other services.
Passage 2:
The LAPD early Monday declared an unlawful assembly on the streets surrounding City Hall and ordered Occupy L.A. protesters to immediately disperse or face arrest. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Police officers carrying batons, plastic handcuffs and non-lethal weapons lined up on 1st Street directly outside LAPD headquarters in anticipation of possible arrests of protesters who were standing in the streets. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "It is not our intent to clear the park at this time," an officer said over a loudspeaker. "It is only our intent to clear the street. Thank you in advance for your cooperation." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR PHOTOS: Occupy L.A. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR The dispersal order came nearly four hours after the midnight Sunday deadline for protesters to clear the lawn at City Hall, where Occupy L.A. protesters have camped out for two months. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Police were on scene since before midnight, urging protesters to stay off the streets and warning them that arrests would be imminent. They first gave a 4 a.m. deadline to arrest protesters who were in the street, then pushed the time to 4:30 a.m. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR No arrests have yet been made. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR "Right now, we have no plans to go into the encampment," LAPD Cmdr. Andy Smith said. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR RELATED: NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR FULL COVERAGE: Occupy protests around the nation NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR City councilman urges Occupy L.A. to move indoors, into politics NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Occupy L.A. campers play, pray as city’s midnight deadline looms NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR -- Nicole Santa Cruz and Rick Rojas at City Hall NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Photo: With a line of LAPD officers behind them, Occupy L.A. demonstrators sit in the middle of the street near Los Angeles City Hall early Monday morning. Credit: Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times
Passage 3:
1 of 6. The Occupy Los Angeles encampment at City Hall Park is seen before the midnight deadline for eviction from City Hall Park passes in Los Angeles, November 27, 2011. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Police in riot gear closed in before dawn on Monday on anti-Wall Street activists in Los Angeles who defied a midnight deadline to vacate a camp outside City Hall, but stopped short of clearing the encampment. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Police managed to reopen blocked streets for morning rush-hour commuters after a tense standoff with protesters who had taken over a downtown intersection, but remnants of a crowd that had swelled to 2,000 overnight remained at City Hall. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Four demonstrators were arrested during the brief confrontation, accused of being present at an unlawful assembly, before police ultimately pulled back from City Hall park. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Later, attorneys for Occupy LA asked a federal judge for an injunction barring police from evicting the camp, arguing that Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and police chief Charlie Beck had violated their civil rights by ordering it dismantled. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR The Los Angeles encampment, which officials had tolerated for weeks even as other cities moved in to clear out similar camps, is among the largest on the West Coast aligned with a 2-month-old national Occupy Wall Street movement protesting economic inequality and excesses of the U.S. financial system. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Villaraigosa eventually gave protesters until just after midnight to remove their tents and leave or face a forcible removal, setting the stage for the latest showdown between leaders of a major U.S. city and the Occupy movement. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR But about two hours after the eviction deadline had passed, police commanders said they would permit the Occupy LA encampment to stay until at least daybreak. Police Commander Andrew Smith later said he thought it was "highly unlikely" that the camp would be forced to shut down on Monday. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Elsewhere in the country, a 5 p.m. Sunday deadline set by Philadelphia officials for Occupy protesters there to move from a similar encampment came and went without incident. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Dozens of people heeded the order but many tents and other structures stayed put. Police sources said authorities were hoping the rest of the protesters would relocate voluntarily and that no major actions were expected before Tuesday. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR 'WHOSE STREET? OUR STREET!' NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Staking its place since October 1 on the grounds surrounding City Hall, the Los Angeles camp had grown to roughly 400 tents and 700 to 800 people, organizers and municipal officials said. At least a third of campers were believed to be homeless. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR By Sunday night the size of the crowd outside City Hall swelled further as supporters from organized labor, clergy, civil rights and other groups streamed into the area, answering a call for an 11th-hour show of support. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR The overall number of protesters, some wearing gas masks, had grown to at least 2,000 by late Sunday, police estimated. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR After keeping out of sight throughout the day on Sunday, police began to make their presence known as the mayor's eviction deadline passed, and the protesters' mood turned from calm and festive to rowdy. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Demonstrators and police confronted each other overnight but except for some debris thrown by protesters at one point, there was no violence. One skirmish involved an intersection occupied by protesters. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Minutes after ordering protesters in the street to disperse, dozens of helmeted police carrying night sticks and special shotguns for firing "bean-bag" projectiles enclosed the intersection and forced their way into the crowd. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Most in the crowd quickly retreated into the park, as onlookers chanted "Whose street? Our Street" at police and shouted at those defying police to "Get off the street!" NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Someone hurled what appeared to be pieces of a bamboo pole and a bottle at police, and Smith said four people were arrested. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR Los Angeles has been relatively accommodating to its Occupy group compared to other major cities, with Villaraigosa at one point providing ponchos to campers when it rained. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR But after the collapse of negotiations aimed at persuading protesters to relocate voluntarily, the mayor said last week the encampment would have to go. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR The mayor complimented the protesters on Sunday for staying peaceful. But he added in a statement: "It is time for Occupy LA to move from focusing their efforts to hold a particular patch of park land to spreading the message of economic justice and restoration of balance to American society." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR He said he hoped to avoid the sporadic violence that erupted in other cities when police used force against Occupy protesters. NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR A number of protesters early on Monday credited the police with showing restraint, including Clark Davis, an Occupy LA organizer, who said to Smith and a group of other officers standing by, "You guys have been fantastic." NEWLINE_CHAR NEWLINE_CHAR (Writing by Steve Gorman and Dan Whitcomb; Additional reporting by Lucy Nicholson and Dave Warner in Philadelphia; Editing by Greg McCune and Cynthia Johnston)

Answers: ['The Occupy LA encampment got a stay of execution this morning—though a few arrests have been reported beyond the boundaries of City Hall Park. Two hours after protesters defied city hall\'s order to vacate the park by 12:01am, lawyer and Occupy supporter Jim Lafferty told Reuters he expected police to give the camp a two-day reprieve. At around 5am, police told protesters over a loudspeaker that they didn\'t intend to clear the park, the LA Times reports. Police do, however, intend to clear protesters out of the street, and several people who refused to move out of an intersection have already been arrested. "We definitely need to get morning traffic in," a police commander explained. Everything also seems calm at Occupy Philadelphia, where protesters defied a 5pm Sunday deadline to disperse. But as of last night, a police inspector said they didn\'t intend to forcibly evict anyone. "We look forward to working with Occupy Philadelphia and a resolution of the problem," he told the Philadelphia Inquirer. "Confrontation is never good."']
Length: 2099
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: vcsum
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 
Context: 讲者1：这样的话，其实我们这部分那个业务其实受影响的。 然后那个包括大家的那个停工停产导致其实很多的以前的企业的这种文件的合同的需求，包括一些证件发票的需求其实也都没有了。 所以其实在疫情期间对我们还有一定影响。 但是在疫情期间还是催生了很多新的这种需求。 就比如说原先那个一些知名品牌的一些餐饮企业或其他的一些实体企业，他们还在上不上网这个之间犹豫的时候，疫情其实推了他们一把，让他们加速地上网，然后进行数字化的升级。
讲者1：还有一些就是说我正在进行当中，是把他们加速了，他们不得不上包括以前我们了解到的一些比如说百货公司，包括像 S 北京 skb 这种大家也都不得不得通过一种比如微信直播这种方式，然后去销售产品。 也就是说疫情其实极大地推动了整个消费行业的从线下到线上的这么一个进程。 同时我觉得让很多比如说年龄比较大的一些消费者其实更快地触达这个其实我个人认为也是一个很好的机会。 所以我觉得在整个疫情期间，我个人最大的感受就是说它推动了整个中国这个尤其消费互联网这个数字化升级的进程极大的加速，这是我最大的感受。 谢谢。
讲者2：对。 我这样总结一下，不知道对不对就是于总您其实说到在疫情期间我们也。 受影响的一些地方主要是以前的比如说旅游类或者说政务类、发票类的邮寄或者寄送，这样子比较受影响。 但是到家服务可能反而是增长了是吧。
讲者1：是的，到贾府，比如说因为那个疫情期间大家都不能出门，但是其实也催生了很多的美食家，大家在家里边做饭做菜，然后需要原料，那这时候又不能自己出去买。 那这个时候其实像闪送或者类似及时物流就承担了这个责任，在城市之间帮大家配送这种你在家里生活也可以吃美食的，是一些原谅。
讲者1：所对，所以其实就是催生了这个到家其实类似的这些服务的一些增长，包括闪送在这方面的订单也有一些增长。 所以整体来讲，对整个物流行业的影响其实偏小。 从长远来看，我个人认为更是利好的，因为还那句话加速了原先一直在线下的一些企业上线，然后上线之后其实他们会有很多的这种及时配送的这种需求。
讲者2：那您如果从整个的数据来看，您觉得疫情对于我们的基石物流配送是利好还是利空的。
讲者1：从今年整体来看，我个人你说疫情那两三个月，其实我觉得还是偏负向。 但是从年初到现在长期，对一年来看我觉得还是长期利好。 您这有一些数字可以透露吗？
讲者2：比如说可以透露的数字。
讲者1：其实你我刚才不是透了几个数字，这个整个一年里头其实有很多的类似像技术物流的，包括一些到家服务，包括一些生鲜的行业，他们其实增长都在 3 倍到 8 倍以上。  3 到 8 倍是吗？
讲者2：这个确实。 那我们问一下 cross 就是我们星期零做植物肉这样一个食品。 那在疫情期间我不知道这个冲击大吗？ 您有观察到什么样的一些新的变化吗？
讲者3：其实我们在今年的疫情这个前提下，其实我们感触最深刻的是我们发现现在其实因为这个疫情，所以人们的利他意识其实是在觉醒的。 就是现在这个人畜共生的疾病频发。 在这样的前提下，其实已经有很多人都在思考人与自然、人与动物的关系，怎样能够用一种更温和的方式去和谐共生。
讲者3：那今年其实我们收到了很多就是来自国内外的一些出色的人才，他们主动向我们投递简历。 那其实他们的这个以他们的市场价作为星麒麟这么早期的公司，很多人可能我现在都还请不起，但是他们会很愿意自降身价来告诉我，他们很愿意加入星麒麟。 那我也有问为什么，然后就发现其实这些人他们是基于今年的这个疫情，他们引发了很深刻的思考，他们也在想怎么样能够贡献一份力量给这个世界来让这个世界变得更加美好。 后来他们做了很多很多的调研，他们有关注到替代蛋白这个赛道，他们也有关注到星麒麟正在做的事情。 那他们其实发现星麒麟在做的事情其实简单来说就是通过食品科技来把植物变成肉。 那么他们觉得这样的一件事情其实是技能平衡美食和健康，同时也平衡了人与自然、人与动物的关系，所以他们非常非常愿意投身进来加入我们。 那对于我来说其实在作为一个初创公司，而且是非常非常早期的一个公司。 其实能够在这样的一个时代背景下，有这么多跟我们志同道合同时价值观也非常的正向有这种利他精神的年轻人愿意跟我们并肩作战。 其实我们会觉得就是今年感觉特别的不会有一种孤军奋战的感觉，然后我自己是非常的荣幸，而且觉得很感动的。
讲者2：对，就是您觉得以前是孤军奋战反而来了，疫情之后有更多的伙伴或者优秀人才加入了是吗？
讲者3：对坦白讲是的，因为今年的疫情其实是引发了很多人对于自己身体的内生态的一种平衡的意识，以及也引发了可能针对动物和生态环境的一些思考。
讲者2：对您刚刚也说到，您说这个其实是对生态的一些思考，就是我不知道我们如果是从植物灵这个角度来看，我们对于生态或者说对于这个环境的贡献点在什么地方呢？
讲者3：其实主要是因为我们能够直接从农作物到餐厅，其实冲去掉了中间的环节。 所以我们是大幅的就是每生产一公斤的植物肉，其实是大幅地减少了对水资源、对土地资源的浪费。 而且这里面其实也涉及到我们也减少了一部分的这个畜牧业带来的碳排。
讲者2：其实是减少了碳排。 可能还有一点就是说我们直到今天为止，也没有发现我们今天这个新冠病毒的来源。 就是很多人可能在怀疑是不是来自于动物界或者说某些未知的就在这一块看，可能大家会有一个返回速食的这样的一个想法或者意愿是吧。
讲者3：其实是的，我们有观察到，因为我们自己也做非常多的一些直接 ToC 的活动。 然后就发现现在有越来越多年轻人正在成为弹性素食者。 当然对于新麒麟来讲，其实我们并不是去倡导人们完全转变去吃素食。 其实我们的核心的理念是平衡，我们希望就是在当下人们可以不用受到可能太多的消费主义的一些影响，过度地去消费肉食，能够回归到增加更多的植物饮食。
讲者2：明白。 谢谢。 谢谢。 Cross 。 那最后这个问题我们就问一下陈总，就是您怎么看待这个疫情期间或者说您看到的哪些变化呢？
讲者4：我觉得对于就是投资行业来讲，我就分两块，一块是对于我们工作这个行业。 然后另外一个是对于我们一些项目公司的这个影响，就是我们投资工作其实理论上应该都是要直面企业家的，所以我们每年有很多的出差都是要见面，不管是我们的出资人也好，还是我们的背投项目公司，大家要做交流的话，其实基本上原来都是在线下。 那今年疫情来了，没有办法出差了。 那五月份之前我可以认为基本上是没有办法干活，因为跑到每一个地方，它都是要经历比较长时间的隔离。 但是后来大家逐步就开始适应说通过 zoom 或者腾讯会议，然后或者用什么样的各种开会的软件在线上去去做这种样子的交流。 然后后来其实相当于改变了我们这个行业的，然后主要的这种工作的方式，很多人后来改过去了之后就没有办法再改回来了。 这个是一个比较大的影响。
讲者4：然后还有一个是因为在今年 5 月份之前，其实整个投资圈我觉得是没有怎么转起来的。 那今年相当于说 5 月份之后，我觉得大家开始加速，尤其是最近就是随着各种各样上市的消息，然后估值的市值的这种样子体现，其实投资速度明显是在加快。 所以我感觉到今年可能会发生在春节，可能仍然在抢案子，像一四年一五年在创业者门口堵门的这种情况，我觉得今年还是会发生的。
讲者4：对这个是投资工作上面的影响，然后具体的项目公司，其实我们有一家项目公司在杭州，就是李子柒的母公司微念。 对，然后这家公司其实是在疫情的这个发展过程当中，其实还是有比较大的增长的。 虽然不是直接相关，我来解释一下里面的原因是因为在疫情期间，因为大家都在家，有两个行业是明显的利好的。 一个是视频行业，不管它是形态是短视频还是直播，视频行业。 对，然后其实长视频也是在增长，但长视频的这个营收的体现其实没有这么大。 对。 然后另外一个其实李子柒大家也知道，现在可能在淘宝店上面卖的主要的销售的这个大大鹅的这个产品，其实他们的螺蛳粉是在方便速食赛道。
讲者2：李子柒螺蛳粉我也吃过。
讲者4：对，然后就是那方便素食赛道，在疫情期间，大家不能出门去餐馆用餐，然后可能只能要不叫外卖，要不就是你自己通过各种各样送菜平台，然后去去这种采购的方式做。 那剩下来的第三种替代方式其实就是方便速食。 对，所以在这个过程当中，其实这家公司得到了比较大的成长。 那今年今年看下来我们最近还在逐步看到的一些机会，除了视频行业相关，直播电商相关内容电商相关其实还有一个很大的就是游戏。 那有游戏行业，今年其实前段时间大家应该也看到文章，可能行业里面比较巨头的公司都在拼命地疯抢各种各样的团队，然后去想办法去投资他们能够产生联系，所以这个行业也比较热。 对。
讲者2：对，这是从就是工作、投资两个角度来看这个改变。 那我们结合一下今天我们聊的这个 Z 世代的这个话题，就是 Z 世代。 大家其实可能对这个词就是有点好奇，怎么叫 Z 世代？ 这其实是个舶来品，就是国外传过来的，就是大概指 95 后 00 后这一批，就是受互联网和移动互联网，在他们影响下长大的这些年轻人。 其实这些年轻人跟我们此前 95 前甚至 80 后 70 后就很多地方不一样的，就他们可能观念转换得很快，然后对很多新鲜事物接受度非常之是高。 所以这些群体在传统的这种商业模式下面去获取他们的一些关注，或者说获客都有点困难。
讲者2：那今天在场的三位嘉宾，其实在这方面我想都有一些自己的心得，那我，也提这样一个问题，就是在 Z 世代这个消费需求如此比较难以估测的前提下，我们是如何挖掘 Z 世代的消费需求呢？ 然后可能在今天这个疫情情况下面，可能还会出现另一个相应的问题，就是说有很多老年人也开始因为疫情原因开始上网购物了，那我们这个商业又如何的更加具有包容性？ 就可能从这两个点让大家聊一下我们如何来做这样一个商业模式或者商业探讨。 那于总您先聊一下。
讲者1：的确现在我觉得这个 90 后 00 后都开始成为这个社会的那个消费的主流。 而他们成长的这个年代和我们成长那个还是不太一样，因为他们成长就源于比如说手机互联网对吧，然后他们的父母其实相对而言我觉得比我们那时候的父母可能会更民主一些。 所以他们可能从小的时候就是会更多自己做决策。 然后因为整个手机互联网的这个普及，让他们接触的这个信息也极度的丰富化。 在这种情况之下，她们可以根据自己的兴趣和爱好不停地去寻找资源，然后看自己到底擅长什么。
讲者1：而且我觉得现在的尤其这个你刚才说的这个 Z 指代这些人大家非常聪明，而且就是他们会对某一个领域的知识掌握得会非常深，甚至于他们喜欢的偶像会变成就是说也是你在某一个领域有专长的人，他会喜欢包括品牌。 所以我觉得这一点呢其实跟闪送其实现在所做的事情是一样的。 因为闪送一直直以来就是说啊在大的这个即时配送市场里边，我们闪送一直坚持一对一即送拒绝拼单这种形式。 就是因为我们认为我们做一对一是最专业的，是最好的。 也就是说我觉得包括新的消费者，他去选择的情况下，我觉得也会去选择和他的价值观相同的这种品牌内涵的就是一些企业。
讲者1：因为你看今年的疫情其实对餐饮业影响很大，但是你可以看另外一个数字，就有很多的知名的企业，比如像海底捞他们增加了 300 多家店，也就是意向谁海底捞很多的有品牌的企业，餐饮企业，它没有收缩，没有倒掉，反而在快速地扩张。 其实是因为就是品牌化对吧，所以我觉得年轻人他会更喜欢和自己的这种价值观这个价值主张一致的一些品牌。 所以其实沈颂我觉得在抓这个 Z 时代这个任务，还是那句话我们要去就把自己独特的价值，与众不同的点和这种专业性的这种品牌的价值要能够做到，然后让更多的这种年轻的人去喜欢闪送。 而且还是这这个这一时代的人。
讲者1：还有一个特点，她们是追求个性化多元化对吧？ 还有一个最大特点，他们是即时化，也就是说他们更善于和乐于去享受生活。 那我在这想要我就马上要得到，我在这个点不能等，他们是马上要得到了一代，所以也是及时地来。 所以其实他们的需求和闪送的需求我觉得是蛮契合的。 因为闪送的理念就是说让你随时随地对吧，随叫随到，你只要有需求你都能满足你。 你想在这吃一个冰糕的话，马上半小时就能吃上，就是这么一个年代。 而且我觉得随着这个这个发展，有很多也会有变化。
讲者1：你像今年疫情期间，我们和小米合作小米之家它那个米粉节上发布新机的时候，你知道他的米粉最快拿到手机的时间是多少吗？  18 分钟就是从发售开始，从发售开始 18 分钟拿到了新机。 那就是因为小米之前和产送合作对吧，就是因为这种其实刚才我看一个老师也在讲这个虚拟空间，我觉得将来的确是我们的现实和虚拟现实之间的基界限会越来越模糊，它可能会两个世界并存，而且会越来越近。 但是我个人认为不管怎么变，就是这个世界包括消费互联网、产业互联网，它数字化也好，网络化也好。 对吧，你的在数字世界里头，你所有的活动你只要涉及到在现实世界这种物品的迁移，那一定展颂愿意贡献力量帮大家去。
讲者1：把物品很快从 A 点到 B 点对吧，包括将来我觉得生活习惯，比如大家去这种商场去那个逛街，其实不愿意再拿着大班小班和朋友再去聚会，因为她很少单独逛街就逛完街，一般还要和朋友聚个会。 那这个时候你可以比如说逛完街之后把物品交给闪送到家，然后你去聚会对吧，就是我觉得还是那句话，就是你要去了解我们 Z 时代这些人他的需求是什么，这个点去满足他。 好，谢谢大家。
讲者2：对，于总聊这个，我觉得有一句话可以概括就是很其实很多年来，前几代人都在喊一个口号叫做活在当下。 但是这个口号真的被 Z 时代这帮人给实现了，他们通过这种移动互联网，通过闪送，通过各种各样的物流方式，就让这种真的生活在当下。 我想什么，我就有什么是吧。 对，那 cross 您怎么看这个问题？
讲者3：其实这个问题可能我会有一点点小的困惑的地方，就是在于为什么中老年人学会网购的这件事情会引发我们对商业模式的包容性的探讨。 这个似乎已经定到了，擅长互联网的群体是主流，然后不擅长互联网的群体是非主流。 那这里可能我说一下，可能有点俗的一句话就是辛麒麟的使命是共异，人与自然。 那基于这个，其实我们对于商业模式的理解和构建，其实是无时无刻都在思考我们怎么样去更好地服务生态。 当然这里的生态指的是万千世界当中的各式各样的人和物种。 那我们就认为要做到可以去尊重多元，而且是理解不同视角下的需求，进而才有能力去服务更加多样的不同的需求。 只有这样才可能是一个完整的商业模式。
讲者3：所以回到中老年人和 effect 世代这个问题上，其实回到商业本身其实他们都是一样的有购物需求的人，那么他们只是生活方式不一样。 所以如果说是互联网平台，那我认为可能是要给到他们同样便利的消费体验。 如果说是像星麒麟我们做食品的，那因为饮食其实是有一定的个性化，所以我们就需要去贴合不同的群体去根据他们的饮食方式来设计我们的产品，并且可能是要去通过他们所熟悉和亲切的一些媒介去跟他们对话。
讲者2：你要举个例子，比如说 Z 世代这个媒介和刚刚说的那个中老年上网群体的媒介有没有什么样的个性化或者不同呢？ 您有做过区分吗？
讲者3：其实像我们现在面对在世代去对话的方式可能有很多用不同的，比如说用 B 站用小红书，那这些可能都是中老年人这个群体，他们比较少去接触的。
讲者2：明白。 其实就是说到底我们是要给这些不同的人区分他们爱看的那个他们的喜好不同，给他们与不同的渠道来对接或者接触他们是吧？ 是的。 对，那陈总，您从一个投资人的角度看，您觉得该如何俘获 Z 世代这些消费者的心呢？ 您又是这么懂就懂车旅游。
讲者4：年，其实在我们公司有比较系统化的方法，因为就是我们是做早期投资的，而且我们是做青年的文化和消费投资的。 就是我们如果不能就大面上面地去做案案件的覆盖的话，新的产品、新的内容的覆盖的话，实际上我们是投不了新的东西的。 所以首先澄海组织里面，从合伙人层面，我一年在 B 站上面看 11,000 个视频，一个视频的平均时长是 4 分分钟。 如果你看 B 站的公布的数据的话，就我大概每天要看 30 个 B 站视频，每天花两个小时在上面。 当然我是 1.5 倍速播放的。 对，所以就是这个时间是怎么出来的？ 就是我上班时间过去交通回来交通车上看，就这个是习惯，其实是。 然后除了看哔哩哔哩之外，抖音我也常看，但是我不能花这么多时间花不了，抖音真的是打开了就停不下来了。
讲者4：那 B 站可能是我花最长时间，但是我大部分的社交网络的产品其实仍然没有扔掉，就比如说微博、知乎，豆瓣什么其实都没有扔掉，我可能以前扔掉就 Q QQ 群可能被我扔掉了。 对，就所所以这个是从信息获取层面，因为我长期就是有这么一个观点，就是如果我不把我的这个获取信息的渠道扭转的话，我的信息不跟这些年轻人贴合在一起，实际上我们不可能想的一样，我们的审美也不可能一样，我们不会觉得同样的东西是好的，所以必须要把所有的信息源全部都拗过去。
讲者4：对，然后当然我自己看 B 站的东西我不觉得难受，我是 B 站老用户了，有一二年开始看的，对，也看了一年了。 对，然后公司里面从组织层面，首先每年我们小公司十几个人的投资公司，每年最起码近两个实习生一定是大三大四的同学。 对，然后这两个大三大四的他可能会留下来，可能不会留下来。 然后但是我们每年周而复始的是要找年轻人过来。 那过来的时候很简单，就是要问他们说你们大学里面周围有没有好玩的东西，比如说他们最近流行密室，那请带我们去玩，公司里面组织活动，就要去体验。
讲者2：让学生当我们的老师。
讲者4：对，另外一方面就是家里面，因为青年文化就刚才讲到特别有趣，就是 Z 世代 generation Z 就是一个国外的词，是非常明确的是九五后的人群。 对，所以其实 95 后的人群里面很重要的。 如果你看青年文化的话，在中国中学生群体就是初中生和高中生，那初中生和高中生我跟同事们讲，就是你们如果有表弟，表妹唐就是小小辈的，十几岁的每年家庭聚会请跟他多聊天，问他在玩什么东西。 如果你是一个比较和蔼的讨人喜欢的长辈的话，你的后辈们愿意跟你讲的。 所以从这里要去多拉一些趋势过来。
讲者2：对，这个做生意不容易啊，还要讨好小辈啊，就是每次回家聚会还要跟表弟表妹多多沟通是吧。 对，我们最后一个问题稍微简短一点，那个快一点回答。 就是大家看我们不同赛道未来会产生什么样的变化？ 于总您觉得您的即时物流页会产生什么样的变化？
讲者1：我觉得它即时物流会把大家就是连接的会更加的紧密。 因为我觉得其实现在国内因为是以国内大循环，国际国内关双循环的一个格局。 在这个大循环上主要其实核心是我们这个消费升级。 那这个消费升级刚才大家也都在谈 Z 时代 up 生活对吧，我觉得核心是这种线上化、数字化、网络化必然是一个大的趋势。 在这个趋势之内，我还是坚持那东西就是你的物理世界的物宜只是会说场景会更丰富。 但是你现在的基本上整个互联网你要基于两个，一个是手机的移动支付，一个就是这种同城的及时物流配送，这是个基础。 所以我觉得闪送会在这个大赛段上一直夯实，把这个新的物流基础设施做得更好，可以支持将来更多的这种场景化的大家的这种需求。
讲者2：谢谢。 明白 cross 您呢。
讲者3：从这个大的趋势来说，其实我们有观察到，像今年健康这个标签，它可能在今年以及未来可能会上升到很高的高度，那有可能会是结构性地去影响人们的餐饮选择，也就是在满足口腹之欲的前提下，人们会倾向性地选择带有健康属性的食品，这个是一个大的趋势。 然后第二个就是就像我们一开始说到的，其实我感我们是感觉到现在整一个社会其实处在一个价值观变迁的过程当中。 有很多人尤其是年轻人已经开始有利他的意识甚至是利他的行动，他们会从自我、关注小我转变成愿意去付出实际的行动来实现利他。 那么这个过程中实际上有可能尤其是借助互联网的力量，因为互联网它的这个效率和它无远福界的这种是能够让一些趋势快速地变成普世的现象的。 那我们也深信擅长这种互联网的 Z 世代，能够成为这里面主要的操盘手。 那有可能在涉及到环保可持续，然后覆盖人们的衣食住行、吃喝玩乐，每一个角落可能都会涌现出不少的商机。
讲者2：明白。 是的，就是您刚说的年轻人，其实就看你离他心里，那么这个可能会改变很多的消费方式消费模式。 那陈总您。
讲者4：因为之前做的很多内容类的投资其实还是比较偏视频化。 不管是最早的动漫短视频，然后长视频聚集综艺还是直播。 但是我最近就是注意到了一个门类，其实有巨大的前景，就是游戏，也是网易公司比较重要的一块业务。 游戏其实我从去年开始逐步意识到说现在国内有大型的游戏公司，它已经不是简单地做一个漏斗模型，买流量，买用户转化付钱就已经不是这样的了。 游戏产品正在逐步成为像视频一样的内容型产品里面开始诞生，故事开始诞生世界观人物设定，然后后端可以延伸出来更多的内容，且游戏本身现金流比较好，提供了更好的交互体验。 对于新技术，不管是 AI 5G 然后云这种相关的所有的技术的利用都会比较好。 所以我会觉得游戏行业会有比较大的改变，也有很高的前景。
讲者2：对，就是陈总，您是发现在内容这块领域，可能游戏未来是一个很大的发展趋势是吧情景好，谢谢大家。 当然我们今天是聊了很多关于年轻人的消费、年轻人的价值观以及刚刚 cross 说的利他心里，那我在 2020 年大家都说很不确定的，就是具有巨大的不确定性的。 今天我还是希望大家最终能相信年轻人，相信未来。 谢谢大家。
讲者4：感谢四位给我们带来的分享，谢谢。
Answers: ['在疫情的大背景下，虽然带来诸多负面影响，但是催生了很多新的需求，促使部分实体企业加速上网进行数字化升级，极大地推动了消费行业从线下转为线上的进程，并对投资行业产生影响，同时催生到家服务的增长，促进闪送订单的增加，如今国内国际的消费形成大循环，大循环的核心是消费升级，需要关注消费升级的背景下Z世代这一批人的现状，了解Z世代的需求，在可选择的情况下，消费者会选择与其价值观相同的企业进行消费，由于疫情的影响，人们的利他意识觉醒，从自我、关注小我转变成愿意去付出实际的行动来实现利他，企业要利用机会借助互联网的力量思考自身与消费的关系，还要通过不断涌现的各种商机，实现自身的发展，未来游戏行业发展也具有很大的发展前景。']
Length: 8812
Language: zh

==================================================
Dataset: trec
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Question: Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
Type:
Context: Question: What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
Type: Individual
Question: Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
Type: Individual
Question: How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
Type: Price
Question: Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Type: Individual
Question: What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
Type: Other entity
Question: Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
Type: Reason
Question: What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What is God ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
Type: Individual
Question: What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
Type: Individual
Question: How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
Type: Number of something
Question: How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
Type: Description of something
Question: Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
Type: Individual
Question: What exactly is radiation ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is the most common cancer ?
Type: Disease and medicine
Question: How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
Type: Reason
Question: What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: Silly putty was invented by whom ?
Type: Individual
Question: Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
Type: Other location
Question: At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
Type: Other entity
Question: What is a nanometer ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
Type: Individual
Question: What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
Type: Other number
Question: How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
Type: Number of something
Question: Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
Type: Reason
Question: What are dinosaur droppings called ?
Type: Equivalent term
Question: When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
Type: Date
Question: What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
Type: Reason
Question: What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
Type: Element and substance
Question: How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Type: Description of something
Question: When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
Type: Date
Question: What are the three secondary colors ?
Type: Color
Question: Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
Type: Other location
Question: What is the first day of the week ?
Type: Date
Question: Who sought to create The Great Society ?
Type: Individual
Question: How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What is the tallest mountain ?
Type: Mountain
Question: What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
Type: City
Question: Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
Type: Individual
Question: What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
Type: Vehicle
Question: Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
Type: Food
Question: How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
Type: Country
Question: What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
Type: Word with a special property
Question: What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
Type: Equivalent term
Question: Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
Type: Individual
Question: What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
Type: City
Question: Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is the Immaculate Conception ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
Type: Equivalent term
Question: Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What countries have the most auto thefts ?
Type: Country
Question: What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
Type: Other entity
Question: How old is the universe ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
Type: Country
Question: How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What does Visine get out ?
Type: Other entity
Question: What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
Type: Food
Question: What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
Type: Other number
Question: What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
Type: Color
Question: What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
Type: Element and substance
Question: What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What are all the rivers in Europe ?
Type: Other location
Question: What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Type: Other location
Question: How do you box train a cat ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: Who was the first woman in space ?
Type: Individual
Question: Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
Type: Other location
Question: Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
Type: Individual
Question: How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is the origin of the word , magic ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
Type: Event
Question: How do I find out about jobs ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
Type: Other entity
Question: What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
Type: Individual
Question: Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
Type: Other location
Question: Where does Mother Angelica live ?
Type: Other location
Question: Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
Type: Reason
Question: What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
Type: Description of something
Question: In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
Type: State
Question: What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
Type: Animal
Question: For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
Type: Disease and medicine
Question: Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
Type: Product
Question: What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
Type: Food
Question: What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
Type: Other entity
Question: Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
Type: Other location
Question: What is a fear of fish ?
Type: Disease and medicine
Question: What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
Type: Individual
Question: When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
Type: Date
Question: What are the Valdez Principles ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
Type: Number of something
Question: How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
Type: Country
Question: What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
Type: City
Question: Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
Type: Other location
Question: What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What English word contains the most letters ?
Type: Word with a special property
Question: What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
Type: Letter like a-z
Question: Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
Type: Other location
Question: How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
Type: Number of something
Question: How many people own pets ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What is Candlemas Day ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is a Jake brake ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What kind of science is cosmology ?
Type: Other entity
Question: Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
Type: Individual
Question: What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
Type: Other entity
Question: Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
Type: Individual
Question: What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
Type: Individual
Question: Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
Type: Other location
Question: What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
Type: Individual
Question: What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
Type: Individual
Question: What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
Type: Other entity
Question: Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Type: Techniques and method
Question: How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What is the origin of the name Katie ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: Where is Ocho Rios ?
Type: Other location
Question: What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
Type: Individual
Question: The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
Type: Event
Question: What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
Type: Other location
Question: Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
Type: Other number
Question: What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
Type: Date
Question: Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
Type: Equivalent term
Question: Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
Type: Individual
Question: Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
Type: Country
Question: Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
Type: Individual
Question: What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
Type: Individual
Question: How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
Type: Plant
Question: What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
Type: Description of something
Question: How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
Type: Date
Question: What is the frequency of VHF ?
Type: Other number
Question: What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: Who made the first surfboard ?
Type: Individual
Question: Who 's The King of Swing ?
Type: Individual
Question: Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: How tall is Prince Charles ?
Type: Distance, linear measure
Question: How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
Type: Number of something
Question: Name four comic strips about pilots .
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
Type: Individual
Question: How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What is the world record for the longest hair ?
Type: Distance, linear measure
Question: What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
Type: Techniques and method
Question: What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
Type: Other location
Question: What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
Type: Techniques and method
Question: What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
Type: Other number
Question: How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What do penguins eat ?
Type: Food
Question: How many islands make up Antigua ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
Type: Individual
Question: What square is the geographical center of London ?
Type: Other location
Question: How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
Type: City
Question: Where is the Orange Bowl ?
Type: Other location
Question: What are the alveoli ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What does the word terrorism mean ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: How is plastic made ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
Type: Other location
Question: What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
Type: Vehicle
Question: When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
Type: Date
Question: What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
Type: Individual
Question: When did the neanderthal man live ?
Type: Date
Question: How many people hike ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
Type: Equivalent term
Question: What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
Type: Description of something
Question: Who invented the horoscope ?
Type: Individual
Question: What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
Type: Country
Question: Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
Type: Other location
Question: When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
Type: Date
Question: Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is the executor in a will ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What is a hydrogen bond ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
Type: Other location
Question: What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
Type: Invention, book and other creative piece
Question: What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is a courier ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
Type: Price
Question: Who was the first American world chess champion ?
Type: Individual
Question: What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
Type: City
Question: What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
Type: Individual
Question: What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
Type: Individual
Question: How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
Type: Manner of an action
Question: How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
Type: City
Question: What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
Type: State
Question: What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
Type: Country
Question: What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
Type: Individual
Question: How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
Type: Number of something
Question: Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
Type: Other location
Question: How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
Type: Number of something
Question: What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Type: Individual
Question: What are some children 's rights ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
Type: Event
Question: What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
Type: Description of something
Question: What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Type: Sport
Question: What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
Type: State
Question: What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
Type: Element and substance
Question: What is yohimbine ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
Type: Musical instrument
Question: What does e=mc2 mean ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
Type: Other location
Question: What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
Type: Abbreviation
Question: Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
Type: Reason
Question: What day of the week was July 13 ?
Type: Date
Question: What 's the most common surname in America ?
Type: Individual
Question: Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
Type: Individual
Question: What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
Type: Product
Question: Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
Type: Reason
Question: What makes thunder ?
Type: Reason
Question: Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
Type: Other location
Question: With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
Type: Individual
Question: What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
Type: Description of something
Question: When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
Type: Date
Question: What is difference between a poster and a print ?
Type: Description of something
Question: Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
Type: Individual
Question: When was Queen Victoria born ?
Type: Date
Question: What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Type: Group or organization of person
Question: How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
Type: Number of something
Question: Name 11 famous martyrs .
Type: Individual
Question: What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
Type: Other location
Question: How old was Gene Siskel ?
Type: Lasting time of somethin
Question: What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
Type: Event
Question: What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
Type: Definition of something
Question: Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
Type: Other location
Answers: ['Other location']
Length: 3806
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: triviaqa
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Passage:
Visit Grand Coulee Dam| Bureau of Reclamation
Visit Grand Coulee Dam| Bureau of Reclamation
Contact Us
Visit the Dam
Explore the dam, take part in the D3 Geocache Challenge, view the Laser Light Show, and come inside the Visitor Center to experience the hands-on exhibits!
The visitor center is open daily (except Thanksgiving Day, December 25, and January 1) from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m, with extended hours between Memorial Day and September 30. During the summer season the visitor center is open until the laser light show, One River, Many Voices, ends. Show times vary, learn more >>
Question:
In which country is the Grand Coulee Dam
Answer:

Context: Passage:
Adam's apple
The laryngeal prominence (commonly referred to as Adam's apple), a feature of the human neck, is the lump or protrusion that is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage surrounding the larynx.

Structure

The structure of the laryngeal prominence forms a bump under the skin. It is larger in adult men, in whom it is usually clearly visible and palpable. In women, the bump is much less visible and is hardly perceived on the upper edge of the thyroid cartilage. 

The meeting point of the two portions of the cartilage generally forms an acute angle (of about 90°) in men, while in women it forms an open arc (of about 120°).

Sex difference

Although both sexes have it, the Adam's apple is considered to be a characteristic feature of adult men, because its size tends to increase considerably during puberty. 

Its development is considered a secondary sexual characteristic of males that appears as a result of hormonal activity. Its level of development varies among individuals and the widening of that area in the larynx can occur very suddenly and quickly.

The laryngeal prominence is more prominent in adult males than in females because of the difference in the size of the angle: 90° in males and 120° in females.

Function 

The Adam's apple, in conjunction with the thyroid cartilage which forms it, helps to protect the walls and the frontal part of the larynx, including the vocal cords (which are located directly behind it). It is found in both women and men.

Another function of the laryngeal prominence is related to the deepening of the voice. During adolescence, the thyroid cartilage grows together with the larynx. Consequently, the laryngeal prominence grows in size mainly in men. Together, a larger soundboard is made up in phonation apparatus and, as a result, the man gets a deeper voice note.  

Society and culture

Cosmetic surgery to reduce the size of laryngeal prominence is called chondrolaryngoplasty (thyroid chondroplasty).  The surgery is effective, such that complications tend to be few and, if present, transient. 

History

Etymology

There are two main theories as to the origin of the term "Adam's apple". 
The "Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable" and the 1913 edition of Webster's Dictionary point at an ancient belief that a piece of forbidden fruit was embedded in Adam's throat (the first man, according to Abrahamic religions).  However, neither the Bible nor other Judeo-Christian Islamic writings mention such a story. In fact, the biblical story does not even specify the type of fruit that Adam ate. 

Linguist Alexander Gode claimed that the Latin phrase to designate the laryngeal prominence was very probably translated incorrectly from the beginning. The phrase in Latin was "pomum Adami" (literally: 'Adam's apple'). This, in turn, came from the Hebrew "tappuach ha adam" meaning "apple of man". The confusion lies in the fact that in Hebrew language the proper name "Adam" (אדם) literally means "man", while the late Hebrew word used to refer  "bump" is very similar to the word used to refer "apple".   Proponents of this version contend that the subsequent phrases in Latin and other Romance languages represent a mistranslation from the start. 

The medical term "prominentia laryngea" was introduced by the Basle Nomina Anatomica in 1895. 

In the American South, goozle is used colloquially to describe the Adam's apple, likely derived from guzzle.    

Additional images

File:Slide9lll.JPG|Laryngeal prominence
File:Slide5mmm.JPG|Laryngeal prominence
File:Slide7ooo.JPG|Laryngeal prominence
Question:
What is the common name for the laryngeal prominence in the body?
Answer:
Adams Apple
Passage:
Uranophobia
Fear of heaven, also known by its Greek-derived name uranophobia or ouranophobia, is a phobia that makes its sufferer fear heaven or the sky. 

The origin of the word urano is Greek, meaning heaven, while phobia is Greek for fear.

Causes

The causes of Uranophobia, as with other phobias, can be linked to a combination of external events and internal susceptibility - of brain chemistry and life experiences.

Fear of heaven may more specifically be related to the dread of punishment in the afterlife.  Psychoanalysis would see this as an animistic projection of the threatening and punitive powers of the parents  - heaven or the sky being a relatively late stage in the detachment of the superego from the actual parents. 

Jewish tradition

Jewish tradition highly valorised the fear of heaven, seeing it as a positive force linked both to wisdom and to personal humility. 

Literary examples

W. B. Yeats in his poem 'The Cold Heaven' asked rhetorically whether after death the ghost is:

"stricken By the injustice of the skies for punishment?”
Question:
Uranophobia is the irrational fear of which place or state of bliss?
Answer:
Heaven
Passage:
The Three-Cornered Hat
El sombrero de tres picos (The Three-Cornered Hat or Le tricorne) is a ballet choreographed by Léonide Massine to music by Manuel de Falla, commissioned by Sergei Diaghilev and premiered complete in 1919. It is not only a ballet with Spanish setting but one that also employs the techniques of Spanish dance (adapted and somewhat simplified) instead of classical ballet.   

The story – a magistrate infatuated with a miller's faithful wife attempts to seduce her – derives from the novella by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón (born in Granada) and has been traced in film several times, usually in Spanish. The music has these sections:

Act I
*Introducción — Introduction
*Atardecer - Sunset
*Danza de la molinera (Farruca) — Dance of the Miller's Wife 
*Las uvas — The Grapes
Act II
*Danza de los vecinos (Seguidillas) — Dance of the Neighbors
*Danza del molinero (Farruca) — Dance of the Miller
*Danza del corregidor — Dance of the Magistrate
*Danza final (Jota)

Composition History 

As El corregidor y la molinera

During World War I Manuel de Falla wrote a pantomime ballet in two scenes and called it The Magistrate and the Miller's Wife (El corregidor y la molinera). The work was scored for a small chamber orchestra and was performed in 1917.

As El sombrero de tres picos

Sergei Diaghilev of the Ballets Russes, saw the premiere of El corregidor y la molinera and commissioned Falla to rewrite it. The outcome was a two-act ballet scored for large orchestra called The Three-Cornered Hat (El sombrero de tres picos). This was first performed in London at the Alhambra Theatre on 22 July 1919. Sets and costumes were created by Pablo Picasso. Choreography was by Léonide Massine. Diaghilev asked Falla to conduct the premiere but the composer felt he was not experienced enough to conduct a work so complex and he handed the baton to Ernest Ansermet after one rehearsal. 
Synopsis 

Act One 

After a short fanfare the curtain rises revealing a mill in Andalusia. The miller is trying to teach a pet blackbird to tell the time. He tells the bird to chirp twice, but instead it chirps three times. Annoyed, the miller scolds the bird and tells it to try again. The  bird now chirps four times. The miller gets angry at the bird again and his wife offers it a grape. The bird takes the grape and chirps twice. The miller and his wife laugh over this and continue their work. 

Soon the magistrate, his wife, and their bodyguard pass by, taking their daily walk. The procession goes by and the couple returns to their work. The dandified, but lecherous, magistrate is heard coming back. The miller tells his wife that he will hide and that they will play a trick on the magistrate. 

The miller hides and the magistrate sees the miller's wife dancing. After her dance she offers him some grapes. When the magistrate gets the grapes the miller's wife runs away with the magistrate following her. Finally he catches her, and the miller jumps out of a bush with a stick. The miller chases the magistrate away and the miller and his wife continue working.

Act Two 

That night, guests are at the miller's house. The miller dances to entertain them. His dance is interrupted by the magistrate's bodyguard, who has come to arrest him on trumped-up charges. After the miller is taken away, the guests leave one by one. The miller's wife goes to sleep and soon the magistrate comes to the mill. On his way to the door the magistrate trips and falls in the river. The miller's wife wakes up and runs away. 

The magistrate undresses and hangs his clothes on a tree and goes to sleep in the miller's bed. The miller has escaped from prison and sees the magistrate in his bed. The miller thinks that the magistrate is sleeping with his wife and plans to switch clothes with the magistrate and avenge himself by seducing the magistrate's wife. The miller leaves, dressed as the magistrate, and the magistrate soon wakes up. He goes outside and sees that his clothes are gone, so he dresses in the miller's clothes. The bodyguard comes and sees the magistrate dressed as the miller and goes to arrest him. The miller's wife sees the bodyguard fighting with what looks like her husband and joins in the fight. The miller comes back and sees his wife in the fight and joins it to protect her. The magistrate explains the entire story and the ballet ends with the miller's guests tossing the magistrate up and down in a blanket.

The Music 

Throughout the ballet Falla uses traditional Andalusian folk music. The two songs sung by the mezzo-soprano are examples of cante jondo singing; this typically accompanies flamenco music and tells a sad story. At one point he quotes the opening of Beethoven's 5th Symphony. 

Recordings 

There are many recordings of the complete ballet, as well as of the suites extracted from it. In the early 1960s Ernest Ansermet, the original conductor of the work, recorded it in stereo for London Records (aka Decca). The music was played by the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande and the cante-jondo soloist was Teresa Berganza. It has also been recorded by such conductors as Rafael Fruhbeck de Burgos and Jesús López-Cobos, and Leonard Bernstein has recorded the two suites from the ballet with the New York Philharmonic.

The original pantomime El corregidor y la molinera has been recorded by Josep Pons and Orquestra del Teatro Lliure for Harmonia Mundi.

Film versions 

The Paris Opera Ballet has recently issued a performance of the complete ballet on a DVD entitled Picasso and Dance. The performance uses not only Massine's original choreography, but actual reproductions of Picasso's sets and costumes. It is, so far, the only performance of the ballet issued on video.
Question:
Who wrote the music for the ballet 'The Three-Cornered Hat'?
Answer:
Manuel de Fallas
Passage:
Arctic Circle
The Arctic Circle is the most northerly of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth. The region north of this circle is known as the Arctic, and the zone just to the south is called the Northern Temperate Zone. North of the Arctic Circle, the sun is above the horizon for twenty-four continuous hours at least once per year (and therefore visible at midnight) and below the horizon for twenty-four continuous hours at least once per year (and therefore not visible at noon); this is also true within the equivalent polar circle in the Southern Hemisphere, the Antarctic Circle.

The position of the Arctic Circle is not fixed; as of , it runs  north of the Equator.  Its latitude depends on the Earth's axial tilt, which fluctuates within a margin of 2° over a 40,000-year period, due to tidal forces resulting from the orbit of the Moon.  Consequently, the Arctic Circle is currently drifting northwards at a speed of about 15 m per year.

Etymology 

The word "arctic" comes from the Greek word ἀρκτικός (arktikos: "near the Bear, northern")  and that from the word ἄρκτος (arktos: "bear").  The name refers either to the constellation Ursa Major, the "Great Bear", which is prominent in the northern portion of the celestial sphere, or to the constellation Ursa Minor, the "Little Bear", which contains Polaris, the Pole star, also known as the North Star. 

Midnight sun and polar night

The Arctic Circle is the southernmost latitude in the Northern Hemisphere at which the sun can remain continuously above or below the horizon for twenty-four hours; as a result, at least once each year at any location within the Arctic Circle the sun is visible at local midnight, and at least once it is not visible at local noon.  

Directly on the Arctic Circle these events occur, in principle, exactly once per year: at the June and December solstices, respectively. However, because of atmospheric refraction and mirages, and because the sun appears as a disk and not a point, part of the midnight sun may be seen on the night of the northern summer solstice up to about 50 minutes (′) (90 km) south of the Arctic Circle; similarly, on the day of the northern winter solstice, part of the sun may be seen up to about 50′ north of the Arctic Circle. That is true at sea level; those limits increase with elevation above sea level, although in mountainous regions there is often no direct view of the true horizon.

Human habitation

Relatively few people live north of the Arctic Circle due to the severe climate; nonetheless, some areas have been settled for thousands of years by indigenous peoples. Tens of thousands of years ago, waves of people migrated from eastern Siberia across the Bering Strait into North America and gradually eastward to settle. Much later, in the historic period, there has been migration into some Arctic areas by Europeans and other immigrants.

The largest communities north of the Arctic Circle are situated in Russia and Norway: Murmansk (population 307,257), Norilsk (175,365), Tromsø (71,295) and Vorkuta (70,548). Rovaniemi (61,329) in Finland is the largest settlement in the immediate vicinity of the Arctic Circle lying slightly south of the line.

In contrast, the largest North American community north of the Arctic Circle, Sisimiut (Greenland), has approximately 5,000 inhabitants. Of the Canadian and United States Arctic communities, Barrow, Alaska is the largest settlement with about 4,000 inhabitants.

Geography

The Arctic Circle is roughly  long.  (A different source says . ) The area north of the Circle is about  and covers roughly 4% of Earth's surface. 

The Arctic Circle passes through the Arctic Ocean, the Scandinavian Peninsula, North Asia, Northern America and Greenland. The land within the Arctic Circle is divided among eight countries: Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, the United States (Alaska), Canada, Denmark (Greenland), and Iceland (where it passes through the small offshore island of Grímsey).

Climate

The climate inside the Arctic Circle is generally cold, but the coastal areas of Norway have a generally mild climate as a result of the Gulf Stream, which makes the ports of northern Norway and northwest Russia ice-free all year long. In the interior, summers can be quite warm, while winters are extremely cold. For example, summer temperatures in Norilsk (Russia) will sometimes reach as high as 30 C, while the winter temperatures frequently fall below .

Sites along the Arctic Circle

Starting at the prime meridian and heading eastwards, the Arctic Circle passes through:
Question:
Which is the largest city within the Arctic Circle?
Answer:
Murmansk
Passage:
What a Country!
What a Country! is an American sitcom that aired in syndication from September 27, 1986 to May 23, 1987. It was based on the 1977-1979 British sitcom Mind Your Language. The series was intended as somewhat of a showcase for Yakov Smirnoff, whose catchphrase provided the show's title.

Synopsis

What a Country! is set in a class of recent immigrants to the United States who are trying to pass the citizenship test. Their teacher, Taylor Brown (played by Garrett M. Brown) is an American English language teacher, while the students include Nikolai (a Russian taxi driver), Laszlo (a retired Hungarian doctor), Ali (a Pakistani), Robert (the son of a deposed African king), Maria (a housekeeper working for a rich Beverly Hills family), Victor (a Hispanic in love with Maria), Yung Hee (a shy Japanese woman) and Sheikh El Hamid (an Arabian sheikh). Gail Strickland initially played the character of Principal Joan Courtney, though she was replaced by Don Knotts during the series' run. 

The series aired a total of 26 episodes before being canceled.

Cast

* Garrett M. Brown as Taylor Brown
* Yakov Smirnoff as Nikolai Rostopovich
* George Murdock as Laszlo Gabo
* Vijay Amritraj as Ali Nadim
* Harry Waters, Jr. as Robert Muboto
* Ada Maris as Maria Conchita Lopez
* Julian Reyes as Victor Ortega
* Leila Hee Olsen as Yung Hi
* Gail Strickland as Principal Joan Courtney (Episodes 1-10)
* Don Knotts as Principal F.J. "Bud" McPherson (Episodes 11-26)

Episodes
Question:
What country is projected to become the world's largest oil producer in the year 2014?
Answer:
The United States of America
Passage:
Nordic | Define Nordic at Dictionary.com
Nordic | Define Nordic at Dictionary.com
Nordic
adjective
1.
of, relating to, or characteristic of a Germanic people of northern European origin, exemplified by the Scandinavians.
2.
having or suggesting the physical characteristics associated with these people, typically tall stature, blond hair, blue eyes, and elongated head.
3.
(sometimes lowercase) of or relating to skiing events involving ski jumping and cross-country skiing.
Compare alpine (def 5).
a member of the Nordic people, especially a Scandinavian.
Origin of Nordic
1895-1900; < French nordique, equivalent to nord north + -ique -ic
Related forms
[nawr-dis-i-tee] /nɔrˈdɪs ɪ ti/ (Show IPA), noun
anti-Nordic, adjective
Examples from the Web for Nordic
Expand
Contemporary Examples
One of the best pavilions, which got a lot of buzz, is the Danish and Nordic Pavilion.
‘Forbrydelsen,’ ‘Borgen,’ ‘The Bridge’: The Rise of Nordic Noir TV Jace Lacob June 19, 2012
Historical Examples
Even in eastern Turkestan there are still strong evidences of Nordic blood in the physiognomy of the people.
The Hyborian Age Robert E. Howard
Attila and his Huns were the first to break through into Nordic lands as far as the plains of northern France.
British Dictionary definitions for Nordic
Expand
(skiing) of or relating to competitions in cross-country racing and ski-jumping Compare alpine (sense 4)
2.
(of recreational walking) incorporating the use of poles that resemble ski poles to aid movement
Nordic
adjective
1.
of, relating to, or belonging to a subdivision of the Caucasoid race typified by the tall blond blue-eyed long-headed inhabitants of N Britain, Scandinavia, N Germany, and the Netherlands
Word Origin
C19: from French nordique, from nordnorth
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for Nordic
Expand
adj.
1898, from French nordique (in J. Deniker's system of race classifications), literally "of or pertaining to the north," from nord "north" (a loan-word from Old English; see north ). Perhaps influenced by German Nordisch. As a noun, from 1901. Strictly, the blond peoples who inhabit Scandinavia and the north of Britain. As a type of skiing competition, it is attested from 1954.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
"The term ""Nordic"" means relating to what area?"
Answer:
Scandinavian culture
Passage:
Shirley Conran
Shirley Conran (born 21 September 1932) is a British novelist and journalist. 

Life and writings

Conran is a best-selling author, whose books include Lace and Superwoman.   She has been a columnist for Vanity Fair, women's editor of The Daily Mail and a feature writer for The Observer.

Lace spent 13 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list,  reaching as high as No. 6,  and was adapted into a 1980s US miniseries.

Conran was educated at the University of Portsmouth. She was successfully treated for skin cancer and has suffered from ME.  She is the ex-wife of British designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer Sir Terence Conran and mother to Sebastian Conran and Jasper Conran, both of whom are designers. Her two later husbands included Kevin O'Sullivan, now the husband of Victoria Glendinning.  Conran has homes in France and London, and lived in Monaco for several years. 

She is known for coining the phrases "Life is too short to stuff a mushroom"  and "First things first, second things never".

;Founder of Maths Action
An independent, not for profit organisation with no political affiliations, Maths Action aims to improve maths performance in Britain. 

Works

Fiction

*Lace (Simon & Schuster, 1982) 
*Lace 2 (1985)
*The Complete Story (omnibus, 1986)
*Savages (1987, movie rights owned by Warner Brothers but never made)
*Crimson (1992)
*Tiger Eyes (1994)
*The Revenge (aka Revenge of Mimi Quinn, 1998)
*The Amazing Umbrella Shop (1990)

Non-fiction

*Superwoman (1975)
*Superwoman 2 (1977)
*Futurewoman: How to Survive Life After Thirty (1979)
*Superwoman in Action (1979)
*The Magic Garden (1983)
*Down with Superwoman: For Everyone Who Hates Housework (1990)
*Money Stuff (2014) 

Other

*The Magic Garden was adapted as a computer program and published by Acornsoft for the BBC Micro as Shirley Conran's Magic Garden.
Question:
Which author is the ex-wife of British designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer Sir Terence and the mother of designers Sebastian and Jasper?
Answer:
Shirley Conran
Passage:
Top 10 Largest Banks in the World 2015 by Market ...
Top 10 Largest Banks in the World 2015 by Market Capitalization
Financial List / August 17, 2014
2) JP Morgan Chase & Co ($229.90 billion)
This American multinational banking and financial services holding company has assets worth around $2.515. The company came into existence when Chase Manhattan Corporation merged with J P Morgan & Co. It is considered to be a universal bank. It is one of the big four banks of the US.
1) Wells Fargo & Co ($261.72 billion)
Wells Fargo & Co is the largest bank in the world by market capitalization. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, this bank is the fourth largest bank in the US by assets. It is the second largest bank in deposits, debit cards and home mortgage servicing. In 2007, it was the only bank in the US to be rated AAA by S&P, though its rating has since been lowered to AA- in light of the financial crisis of 2007-12.
The above-mentioned banks are huge brands and are serving millions worldwide.
Question:
By assets and market capitalization, what is the largest bank in the US?
Answer:
MorganChase

Answers: ['The United States of America', 'United States Of Amerca', 'Us of a', 'U.–S.–A.', 'Americaland', 'United States (U.S.A.)', 'Amurika', 'Unite states of america', 'United States of America (redirect)', 'The U S A', 'Unietd States', 'EE UU', 'The U.S.A.', 'U.-S.-A.', 'Usa', 'United Staets of America', 'Unites States', "États-Unis d'Amérique", 'Verenigde State', 'U.–S.', 'The United States of America.', 'The U-S-A', 'EEUU', 'U. S. A.', 'Nagkaisang mga Estado', 'The U. S. of America', 'The USA', 'America (United States)', 'The U. S. A.', 'U S of America', 'UNITED STATES', 'Estados Unidos', 'The U–S', 'American United States', 'US and A', 'Unitd states', 'The US of A', 'EE.UU.', 'U-S', 'The U-S', 'Etymology of the United States', 'U.S.A.)', 'EE. UU.', 'United states of america', 'US of america', 'Verenigde State van Amerika', 'Nited States', 'United-States', 'Unite States', 'Estados Unidos de América', 'UnitedStates', 'Estaos Unios', 'US of America', 'The Usa', 'United states of America', 'Untied States of America', 'The U S of America', 'THE AMERICAN UNITED STATES', 'The United-States', 'U S A', 'AmericA', 'Estados Unidos de America', 'United states', 'The U.S. of America', 'Amerka', 'United–States', 'U.s.a.', 'United States of America', 'United State of America', 'United States (US)', 'The U.S. of A', 'America', 'Amercia', "Stati Uniti d'America", 'Los Estados Unidos de America', 'United Stated', 'U.S.', 'United States (of America)', 'United States', 'States of America', 'America-class', 'Los Estados Unidos', 'U,S,', 'United States (country)', 'Federal United States', 'ISO 3166-1:US', 'Untied States', 'The U.–S.–A.', 'VS America', 'Amurica', "Etats-Unis d'Amerique", 'US', 'U.S. OF A', 'USofA', 'Etats-Unis', 'U.S. of A', 'United States of America (U.S.A.)', 'Amarica', 'The United States', 'U-S-A', 'United States/Introduction', 'The Us', 'Unitesd states', 'The U S of A', 'America class', 'America magazine', 'الولايات المتحدة الأمريكية', 'The U. S. of A', 'U S', '(USA)', 'The United–States', 'United States (U.S.)', 'U.-S.', 'United States of America (USA)', "'merica", 'The US', 'United States of America.', 'UNited States', 'The U.S.', 'AMERICA', 'United States of America/OldPage', 'United+States', 'The U S', 'United Sates', 'THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA', 'U–S–A', 'United States Of America', 'U.S. of America', 'U–S', 'Los Estados Unidos de América', 'The U.-S.', 'United sates', 'The United States Of America', 'America (country)', 'United States of American', 'United state of america', 'The U.–S.', 'Amurka', 'U. S. of A', 'The U. S.', 'United States America', 'US of A', 'États-Unis', 'USoA', 'USA', 'Estaos Uníos', 'America, United States of', 'U. S. of America', 'U.S.American', '(US)', 'The U–S–A', 'U. S.', 'U.S. America', 'U.S. A', 'Yankee land', 'America (US)', 'U.S', 'America (United States of)', 'US (country)', 'UNITED STATES OF AMERICA', 'U.S.A', 'Estados unidos', 'Americia', 'The US of america', 'Vereinigte Staaten', 'US America', 'These United States of America', 'VS Amerika', 'Name of the United States', 'The united states of america', 'Estatos Unitos', 'America (USA)', 'The U.-S.-A.', 'United States of America/Introduction', 'The US of America', 'Americophile', 'V.S. America', 'U.S.A.', 'U S of A', 'V.S. Amerika', 'United+States+of+America', 'The Unites States of America']
Length: 3835
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: samsum
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: Dialogue: William: are you still angry?
Emilia: YES 
William: :(
Summary: 
Context: Dialogue: Lisa: hey there, good monring
Jack: hey friend
Jack: what's up?
Lisa: is meredith with you?
Lisa: i've been calling her but it keeps sending me to voicemail
Jack: she's here
Jack: her battery died
Lisa: could you please tell her to call me when she can?
Jack: sure thing
Summary: Lisa wants Meredith to call her. 
Dialogue: Ronnie: Becs, dad tried calling you and you didn't pick up
Becky: him mom
Becky: yes, so sorry, left my phone on silent and forgot to switch it back on
Ronnie: as per usual. are you coming home for Christmas?
Becky: wow, don't want to disappoint you guys
Becky: i would really love to but i'm still not sure if i will have to work on Christmas Day
Ronnie: you must not be serious
Becky: no joke, ma. i would have to go for like 4 hours but still
Becky: so hoping they decide to keep the store closed
Ronnie: but even if you would have to come
Ronnie: you can come with aunt Fiona on 26th
Ronnie: and hopefully stay until the new year's
Becky: it's like you either have to work on the christmas day or new year's
Becky: there's like a list and stuff and we all have to figure it out together
Becky: who stays and who goes in
Becky: so i'd rather work on 25th than have to go back here before new year's eve
Becky: and get up at 6am on new year's day hahah
Ronnie: i understand but it's still quite perplexing to me
Ronnie: i don't remember having to work on christmas day when I was your age
Becky: well it was way different back then i guess
Ronnie: money-hungry people there you have
Ronnie: work till you're dead
Becky: it's not that bad mum :)
Becky: i've grown quite fond of my complementary gym membership :)
Ronnie: oh yes, that is nice :)
Summary: Becky doesn't know if she can make it home for Christmas. Her work requires them to work on the Christmas Day or the New Year's and they need to figure it out.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Haay
Rebecca: <file_gif>
Gina: Hahaha you just made my day 😂
Gina: What's up girl? 
Rebecca: Not much just feeling silly 😂 Hbu?
Gina: YAFUD 😂
Rebecca: What happened? 
Gina: Everything goes wrong today
Rebecca: Here, I've got all the memes to cheer you up
Rebecca:  <file_other>
Rebecca: <file_other>
Summary: Rebecca tries to brighten Gina's day by sending her memes.
Dialogue: Franklin: hey, are we meeting this weekend?
Ricardo: yeah fri
Franklin: what time?
Ricardo: i finish at 3 20
Franklin: hmmmm
Ricardo: or maybe 1 30
Franklin: now you're talking
Ricardo: i don't know yet. i have two maths lessons at the end
Ricardo: or 8 am?
Franklin: jeesus get yourself together man 8 am  
Ricardo: haha
Franklin: i see it like that: you skip the maths lessons and we meet at 2
Ricardo: ok
Franklin: but i'm not giving you any excuses for the teacher, don't count on that;D
Ricardo: lol ok  
Ricardo: got 10 blank excuses from my physiotherapist to use whenever i don't feel like school xD 
Franklin: wonderful, i already like him xD
Ricardo: xD ok so 14 at Dawn st?
Franklin: yeah  
Ricardo: ok see u then 
Ricardo: wait can i park there?
Franklin: yeah there should be some spaces at this time of day
Ricardo: ok bye
Franklin: bye
Summary: Franklin and Ricardo are meeting on Friday at 2 p.m. at Dawn st. Ricardo will skip two math lessons in order to meet with Franklin and will arrive by car. Ricardo has 10 blank excuses from his physiotherapist and he will use one to justify his absence from math lessons.
Dialogue: Emma: I’m flying tomorrow
Julie: Cool! Where to?
Emma: To San Francisco. And it’s not cool
Emma: I’m freaking out
Emma: I hate flying
Julie: Relax
Julie: Statistically the flights are the safest mean of transport
Julie: Relatively few accidents happen
Julie: But when they do you don’t have big chances
Emma: Thank you! That’s really helpful 
Julie: I’m sorry
Julie: I talk without thinking
Julie: All will be fine. Don’t worry
Julie: And San Francisco is amazing!
Summary: Emma is freaking out about her flight to San Francisco tomorrow. Julie is trying to reassure her.
Dialogue: Beatrice: Blake
Beatrice: I'm not gonna make it to the lunch
Blake: oh no! What's happening? :(
Beatrice: we've got some issues with deliveries
Beatrice: so I need to stay in the office :(
Blake: so sorry. Next time then!
Summary: Beatrice will not make it to the lunch with Blake. They have some issues with deliveries and she needs to stay in the office. 
Dialogue: Sophie: You won’t believe this: I don’t have to retake the classes and pay more for my studies!
Alex: OMG, this is huge! I’m so happy for you! Does this mean that you can come today?
Sophie: I’d love to, but hubby says I have to stay in and write my thesis anyway… and he’s probably right, which I hate of course
Alex: <file_photo>
Alex: I got you, sister. But you have to take some break, don’t you?
Sophie: You are right! My mind says one thing, but my heart says something else :)
Alex: Always follow your heart, they say!
Sophie: And I had a fight with my mom… Yes, OK, I’ll come! What time do you start?
Alex: Yay! You’ll tell me all about your fight with mom when you arrive. How about 8?
Sophie: Great! I’ll bring chocolate muffins :)
Alex: Can’t wait!!!
Sophie: :)
Alex: Omnomnomnom <file_gif>
Summary: Sophie doesn't have to retake her classes. Today she has to stay home and write her thesis. She had a fight with her mom. She will meet with Alec at 8.
Dialogue: Anne: Hey, I would like to reserve a table for five. Do you have anything available?
Benedict: Hello Anne, thank you for contacting us! What day are you interested in?
Anne: Next Saturday, is it possible?
Benedict: Sure, what time?
Anne: 7, please. Would it be possible to book the table next to the front window?
Benedict: I'm sorry, but it's already booked. I can offer you the big table next to the bar.
Anne: Hm... Would that table be available earlier or later? Sorry for that, but we really like that table...
Benedict: We have it available only at 12 and 9, would that be ok for you?
Anne: I understand. Thank you, but it's slightly too early and then too late for us. Could you please book the big table? Thank you once again! :)
Benedict: No problem, Anne. See you soon then! Happy that you chose us! :)
Summary: Anne has booked the big table next to the bar for 7 pm on Saturday. The table next to the front window has already been reserved.
Dialogue: Viola: Hey!
Viola: I'm downtown and my headphones got totally destroyed in my backpack :(
Viola: where can I get cheapie headphones quick?
Nell: oh no, that sucks :(
Nell: hm what about Flying Tiger?
Nell: I got my pink ones there
Viola: oooh I forgot that they sell headphones there, thanks!
Viola: I don't want to be on the bus for an hour without music :P
Summary: Viola's headphones got destroyed, so she needs to buy new ones. Nell bought her pink headphones in Flying Tiger, and she thinks Viola should look for them there too. 
Dialogue: Natasha: How are you doing?
Bill: Not amazing
Natasha: and the girls?
Regina: we are fine
Charlie: yes, me too, Bill had the most injuries of us
Bill: yes, since I was driving and the car hit on my side
Bill: but I'm ok, maybe still in a shock a bit
Natasha: I imagine, let me know if you need anything
Bill: thanks, you're lovely
Summary: Bill had the most injuries because he was driving the car. He will let Natasha know when he needs anything.
Dialogue: Jared: I'm opening up a restaurant
Jared: I heard you're looking for work
Mary: OMG that's great!
Mary: and yeah I'm looking for something new
Jared: So I'm looking for a restaurant manager
Mary: sounds great I have some experience
Jared: I know that's why I thought of you
Jared: plus I trust you
Mary: What do you need?
Jared: I want you to check out 4 locations for me
Mary: Ok send them to me and I'll see what's up
Jared: <file_other>
Mary: ok 2morrow I'll call these places up and set up some meetings
Mary: what's your budget?
Jared: oh shit forgot about that 
Jared: <file_other>
Mary: Thanks be in touch
Summary: Mary will work for Jared as a manager in his new restaurant. She will start by checking out 4 locations.  
Dialogue: Jack: We're already at the Mongoosh. Where are you Jason?
Jason: On my way. Can you guys order for me too? I'll be there soon.
Andy: Sure what you want?
Jason: Send me the menu.
Andy: <file_photo>
Jason: Chicken Tikka Masala for me please!
Summary: Jack and Andy are at the Mongoosh and Jason will join them soon. Jason wants them to order Chicken Tikka Masala for him.
Dialogue: Kate: My dad is serious about organizing this trip to Croatia in September
Kate: If you are considering going, you should start thinking about it now
Mary: Oh. I'll let my dad know.
Mary: He was really excited about the idea.
Kate: Maybe it'll work out this time :D
Mary: Let's hope so :)
Summary: Kate's father will organize a trip to Croatia in September. Mary needs to think about it now if she wants to join. She will inform her father about it. He was enthusiastic about the trip.
Dialogue: Natasha: Hi my love
Natasha: Me and the family will travel to Malta this Christmas
Natasha: Are you going to be there?
Natasha: We would love to see you
Macy: Hi Tash!
Macy: You are? What dates are you travelling?
Natasha: We fly to Rome on the 18th December
Natasha: And we will arrive in Malta on the 21st
Macy: That's lovely
Macy: I haven't been able to plan my holidays yet, but I would love to go to Malta this year
Macy: I haven't seen you guys in so long..
Natasha: Yes I think its been 3 years now
Macy: Wow
Macy: I should be planning my schedule in the next weeks
Macy: I will keep you posted :)
Natasha: Yes please do, we miss you ❤️
Macy: Me too ❤️
Summary: Natasha and her family will travel to Malta this Christmas. They will fly to Rome on the 18th of December and arrive in Malta on the 21st. Natasha and Macy have not seen each other for 3 years. Macy will plan her schedule in the next weeks and inform Natasha if she will also come to Malta.
Dialogue: Ann: Guys, I'm inside already, sorry, but it was too cold to wait for you outside
Zach: oh no!
Ann: why?
Joe: we've changed our plans, decided to go somewhere else, nobody wants to pay 25€ for the entrance
Ann: fuck, i've already paid it, I'll talk to the guy at the door, wait for me please
Joe: ok
Summary: Ann has already paid the entrance fee. Zach and Joe decided they don't want to go there. Ann will talk to the man at the door. Joe and Zach will wait for her. 
Dialogue: Laura: Are you guys packed?:D:D
Bruno: I am soooo not, I got cought up at work
Laura: How about you, Kim?
Kim: I am on it, almost done:D:D
Laura: Awesome, you remember we take off tomorrow at 7am
Kim: What? Why so early?
Laura: So we can get there before noon, you know pit stops etc, traffic
Bruno: Please let’s make it 7:30, I am so dead after this week
Kim: Agreed
Laura: Fine, but not a minute later
Summary: Kim, Laura and Bruno are going for a trip tomorrow. They are leaving at 7:30 so they can get there before 12:00. Bruno is still at work. Kim is packing. 
Dialogue: Andrew: so what's the plan for today?
Andrew: therapy? 
Andrew: work?
Andrew: school?
Diana: ah yeah all of it
Diana: therapy at 12
Diana: school in the afternoon
Diana: and work before noon
Diana: today it's home office again
Diana: I need to prepare the classes and do some translations
Andrew: i see
Diana: yeah. you?
Andrew: oh i have a few meetings today but they're like 15-30mins long, so no big deal
Andrew: the problem is i have a sore throat so i can't really talk
Andrew: i'm just hoping they will do the talking and i'll just do the clicking XD
Diana: hahaha boss style :D
Andrew: well someone needs to be the boss right??:D
Diana: they'll go like 
Diana: oh now he's not saying anything!!
Diana: does it mean it's crap?? i must mean it's crap!! xD
Diana: shit i don't want to get fired!
Andrew: hahaha i'm not THAT kind of boss, come on! ;d
Diana: yeah I've seen you in action once, that's enough for me ;D
Andrew: hahahaha :D
Summary: Andrew's got a sore throat. He has some meetings and hopes he won't have to talk too much in them. Diana has to work at home to prepare classes and translations before noon, then she goes to therapy at 12 and in the afternoon she has school. 
Dialogue: Mary: Do you know where Lisa went?
Adam: I think she's in the cinema with John
Mary: Oh shit!
Mary: She took my keys!
Summary: Lisa went to the cinema with John. She took Mary's keys.
Dialogue: Emma: Lexi I just wanted to let you know I won't be able to come tonight.
Lexi: Why?? What happened???
Emma: We had a huge fight and I don't feel like being between people. Sorry.
Lexi: What if you come just for an hour to see how you feel
Lexi: we can talk and maybe you'll have a little bit of fun
Emma: Thanks I'll let you know. For now I'm lying in bed and don't feel like leaving my pillow
Lexi: just get dressed and come hear :*
Summary: Emma doesn't want to come tonight, because she had a fight.
Dialogue: Vicki: Hey. What time will you guys be open until tomorrow night?
Jes: Till 22 unless you want us to stay longer
Vicki: Nope, that should work good. Train get in about a quarter to 8. I'll go check into the apartment and then come over :)
Jes: Goodie. Mike is on duty tomorrow
Vicki: Cool, I'll see him then.. and see you soon
Jes: I'm on Sunday if you're going for Chopin again
Vicki: I sure am...so I will see you then. I leave that night on the overnight train to Prague.
Jes: Great, can't wait :)
Summary: Mike works tomorrow till 22. Vicki will come over after she checks in after 7:45 when her train comes. She will see Jes on Sunday and leave on the overnight train to Prague.
Dialogue: Bradley: It's very safe. Not like they make it look on TV
Julianna: Hehe I told them that also that tv will never show anything nice
Bradley: True...
Julianna: But in general I think Europe is safer because here we have different law. I mean we have too much law
Bradley: Haha
Julianna: E.g here if a teacher even touches a children's arm, he or she can have problems with police and law. Because it might be a sign of pedophilia or children sexual harassment
Bradley: Ok
Julianna: That's sick a bit hehe but on the other hand sometimes it's ok
Bradley: Haha ok how ?
Julianna: Because there are pedophiles in that world
Bradley: They are everywhere
Julianna: And when someone hits a child that person should be punished
Summary: Julianna tells Bradley about Europe's law and the approach towards pedophiles.
Dialogue: Claire: Have you seen the news?
Greg: No. What’s happened?
Claire: That bitch my neighbor became an MP 🤮
Kevin: Ooo, well done! You must be so jealous 🤣
Claire: Stop it. I hate her so much. She killed my cat 🙈
Greg: Whaaaaat???
Claire: Really. It was 5 years ago. She hit it with a car.
Greg: Okay. I understand 😒
Summary: Claire is unhappy about her neighbour becoming an MP. 
Dialogue: Paula: Hey, can you buy a bottle of wine for me?
Stan: Sure. What's the occasion?
Paula: The "terrible day" occasion.
Stan: Eh. I'm sorry to hear that.
Stan: Ok. I'll get you a wine and you will fill me in when I get home.
Paula: Thx. See you.
Summary: Stan will get a bottle of wine to cheer Paula up.
Dialogue: David: so it seems it's the end of the story
Kevin: between you and Joan you mean
Laurent: what???
Kevin: you don't know? Joan left 
David: true enough. officially confirmed now
Laurent: did she have any, you know ...
David: legitimate reason you mean?
Laurent: i guess that's what I mean
Kevin: only david's gay 
David: hahaha very funny. it just burnt up & down
Kevin: shit man. i had no idea at all. the last time we met
David: a couple of months ago mate
Kevin: right, time flies man
Laurent: believe me Kev, David's doing well
Kevin: i hope so. keep it up man
David: cheers mate!
Summary: Joan left David because the relationship burnt up.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi there!
Matt: Hey!
Alex: What are you up to?
Matt: Nothing special, at my 5th unpaid job at the moment, doing social media
Alex: Lmao It can't be that bad. Which social media?
Matt: TWITTER
Alex: Hmm that's an entire new dimension to explore
Matt: Without a doubt, this has brought 3D into my life. A considerable improvement
Alex: Man, what's happening to you, you're jokes aren't even funny anymore
Matt: There you go, the aftereffects of 3D
Alex: So what are you actually doing?
Matt: Well actually/to be fair/quite frankly unpaid job number 5 is not that bad at all. I'm working for this association which organises a few events during the year and I'm the Secretary, which looks cool on the cv. And has made me learn what twitter actually is. Before I only knew it from the news, because of Trump lol
Alex: ha ha ha! And What are you promoting atm?
Matt: I'm going to casually mention that we're having an event at the British Library and that's what I'm promoting
Alex: wow sounds really good
Matt: Yer, good opportunity for networking and I work with really nice people too
Alex: That's cool
Matt: I think it could hardly be better actually. It's also true that these professional British people can sometimes be extremely unprofessional, but this might be the most entertaining part of the job to be fair. The other day, for instance, my colleagues sent me a promo leaflet which repeatedly mentioned the British Museum and I immediately circulated it through all our social media, mailing list, etc. Turned out it was supposed to be the British Library. Can you dig it?
Alex: Ahahahaha that's hilarious!! I'm speechless
Matt: Well, so am I. Really glad that it's not a paid job actually
Alex: That's a nice silver lining you've got there
Matt: lol But hey, I think I should go back to TWITTER and then jump back to unpaid job number 1. Will I see you soon?
Alex: ok, no worries. Sure, this weekend?
Matt: Yeah, I do think so. Is it rude to suggest we meet at YOURS? I'll bring wine
Alex: ha ha ha Sure, no problem. Shall we say Saturday at mine?
Matt: Sounds good! Let's just confirm during the week
Alex: Will do
Matt: It was nice to talk though
Alex: Yeah. Keep in touch
Matt: I will! xx
Summary: Matt is working for an event organizing association, where he's in charge of social media. especially Twitter. It's yet another job, where Matt is not getting paid. Some of Matt colleagues can be unprofessional at times. Matt and Alex will meet on Saturday at Alex's place.
Dialogue: Effiie: come with me for groceries
Norman: ok
Effiie: thanks :)
Summary: Norman will do grocery shopping with Effiie.
Dialogue: Max: Hi, Kenny.
Kenny: Hi, Max. What's up?
Max: I've got a new job for you.
Kenny: What is it?
Max: You will work on an AI project?
Kenny: With whom? Don't tell me is South America again.
Max: No, Max. It's our new partner.
Kenny: New partner? I haven't heard anything. Except for this company down under.
Max: You've got it!
Kenny: You kidding me. I just came back from Argentina.
Max: I know. But this Australian partner. They are important.
Kenny: Like all of them. Can't you send David to Australia? I'm sure he wouldn't mind.
Max: I already spoke to management, and there will be a handsome bonus for you.
Max: Do we have a deal?
Kenny: All right. I'll go.
Summary: Kenny will go to Australia to work on an AI project. Max offers him a bonus for doing that.
Dialogue: Aliza: Hey, do you like cooking?
Miller: Yea, why you asking?
Aliza: I have been trying to cook something but not getting good results
Miller: Should i come?
Aliza: Yes If you can
Miller: Coming in 20 mins
Aliza: OK hurry up
Miller: on The way <3
Summary: In 20 minutes Miller will help Aliza in cooking.
Dialogue: Kenton: whats ur fav coffee?
Beamer: i like lavazza
Shade: anything that has caffeine in it is good
Kenton: true enough
Beamer: why ask?
Kenton: i got coffee machine from my elders
Beamer: thats cool. a lot depends on the equipment surely
Kenton: its not that good probably. used and all. but certainly requires coffee
Annie: thats good news. youll have finally good coffee now
Kenton: if u tell me what u like
Annie: any arabica should be fine. i like south america best or mexico but no worries
Kenton: sounds more demanding
Annie: not really. u get em anywhere for good price also
Kenton: ok i guess i need to run to the shops b4 theyre closed. thx
Summary: Kenton got a coffee machine from his parents but he's not sure what coffee should he buy. Annie recommends an arabica caffee to Kenton and he's rushing to the shops.
Dialogue: Cosima: How is it there?
Daphne: Amazing Cosima, you should regret you're not with us
Alfred: we're in paradise
Cosima: I do regret! And envy you a lot
James: You should come here some time
Cosima: but isn't it full of tourists?
James: there are many, but it's not tragic, depends on a place
Cosima: So what island are you on?
Cosima: I've read about the islands a bit :P
Daphne: How cute!
Daphne: yes, there are two groups of islands - southern and northern
Daphne: we're on the northern group, now on Aitutaki and it's just stunning
James: we'll probably stay here, it's peaceful and beautiful
James: you can just lay in shallow blue water for hours
James: enjoying this dream-comes-true place
Cosima: Are you flying directly to Europe
James: I don't think it's possible
James: we will stop over in San Francisco
Cosima: you're so lucky guys!
James: yes, we are, I think
Summary: Alfred, Daphne and James are on the northern group of islands, now on Aitutaki. They're enjoying it a lot. They will stop over in San Francisco on their way back to Europe. 
Dialogue: Julie: Can you please clean the chandelier in the living room?
Dennis: Wy tho?
Julie: I can't reach and it's nasty.
Dennis: K ill try...
Julie: Just use the fuzzy mop thingy or the vacuum with round brush
Dennis: K
Julie: Let me know can you do it?
Dennis: K yes
Julie: Thanks
Dennis: Yah
Julie: You're so much help...
Dennis: I no...
Julie: I was being sarcastic!
Dennis: I no...me 2
Summary: Julie wants Dennis to clean the chandelier in the living room.
Dialogue: Janette: did you see their tweets?
Giselle: noooo, what's there?
Janette: they're so stupidly written!
Giselle: but you mean the offcial ones?
Janette: yeah of course!
Giselle: i listen
Janette: so, firstly they use his first name instead of his title
Giselle: oh
Janette: secondly… well… they're just written badly!
Giselle: oh not everyone has studied journalism as you haha!
Janette: I knooow but I just can't read it
Giselle: don't do it!
Janette: I have to, it's my work xd
Giselle: maybe they should hire you?
Janette: well if they'd pay nice money… I'm in!
Giselle: so apply! Check if they have free jobs
Janette: oh no it'd be crazy, I love my current job
Giselle: but sometimes it drives you crazy, you said that!
Janette: I know but at the same time… I just love it :D
Giselle: you're just crazy Janette hahah
Summary: Their tweets are badly written. Janette dislikes having to read their tweets as part of her job. Janette would not like to change her job.
Dialogue: Anabel: Put some foundation from your mum or sister to cover the spots and go out
Malaki: I already thought about that lol
Anabel: Of course do it
Malaki: But my mom's foundation is not my color
Malaki: I'm darker
Anabel: More or less it should be
Anabel: Hmm
Anabel: And ur sister?
Malaki: She doesn't have it
Malaki: Never uses it
Anabel: But still if you put it with ur fingers, gently and a little it will be good
Anabel: Like 'slapping " with a finger.  I don't know how to describe it
Anabel: Not a lot of foundation
Anabel: And it should work
Malaki: That is chinese for me
Anabel: Lol
Anabel: I could help you do it but I'm not there
Malaki: Unfortunately
Anabel: And my foundation will not work with your skin for sure
Malaki: I dont think só
Malaki: We can try one day
Anabel: Lol
Malaki: Hahahah
Summary: Anabel gives Malaki advice on applying foundation.
Dialogue: Michael: Hi Paul, I know it's a bit strange I'm contacting you, but I would like to talk
Paul: Hmm, hi. Yes, it's a bit awkward. 
Michael: As you suppose, probably, it's about Camilla 
Paul: Sure, what about her?
Michael: We have some problems, or rather I have some issues 
Paul: But how can I help you with it?
Michael: As her ex, I think you're probably the only one that could understand my situation.
Paul: Ok, would you like to have lunch together tomorrow?
Michael: That would be perfect!
Paul: at 1pm, at the blue building?
Michael: ok, good, I'll be there. See you tomorrow!
Paul: See you!
Summary: Michael will have lunch with Paul tomorrow at 1pm to talk about Camilla.
Dialogue: Josh: <file_photo>
Josh: hi guys, do you know this man?
Marianne: yay reunion! :) love it
Cody: WHA?!?!?! Where was the reunion and why wasn't I invited?
Josh: Last night just 2 hours between flights :(
Cody: Hahahaha... every time I see the two of you it reminds me of the bourbon incident
Marianne: Don’t disrespect the bourbon, it was whiskey!
Josh: What happens in the Sullivan county jail stays at the Sullivan county jail
Cody: and two dudes and one pair of shoes. Hahahaha
Summary: Josh met the man involved in the whiskey incident between his flights.
Dialogue: Nicole: Dinner's ready, where are you?
Matt: Sorry, got delayed.
Matt: I'm coming, though.
Nicole: OK, drive safe!
Summary: Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
Dialogue: Pete: Hi, old baggers, Anouk, thnak you for inviting me. Unfortunately my duties at work wont let me come and celebrate with you :( Happy Birthday, lots of health and love :) Have crazy fun! 
Marty: '(
Anouk: :'( :'( :'( thank you for your wishes, see you around
Tia: cant you take the orchestra with you?
Marie: yeah! I always carry a tuning fork with me. I can give them A
Pete: haha, you don't want that :P
Marie: alcoholics?
Marty: worse, they are out of tune
Marie: :D
Pete: as all musicians ;)
Tunner: uffffff....
Anouk: we will miss the Conductor :'(
Gregory: I confirm my arrival again :D
Anouk: (Y)
Summary: Pete informs Anouk that he won't come to his birthday party and expresses his good wishes. Gregory confirms that he'll come.
Dialogue: Braxton: I might have a fucked up attitude. But that's the way I am. Holding no shit
Giselle: Ok. That's just the way you are so it's ok
Braxton: So good luck u might find a better guy than me ;)
Giselle: Hehe I wish u also good luck with everything
Summary: Giselle and Braxton have broken up because of his short temper.
Dialogue: Raymond: Do we have math homework?
Thomas: Yes, page 61, but don't know what exercise.
Jake: exercise 4-7
Raymond: thanks bud
Summary: Exercises 4-7 from page 61 are the math homework for Raymond, Thomas and Jake.
Dialogue: Eva: Hi. I'm frozen!
Anna: Me too!
Eva: I hate winter
Anna: Tonnes of clothes, red noses and cracking skin on hands
Eva: And dirty shoes because of all that slosh in the streets.
Anna: And higher bills for the heating and flu season...
Eva: No time for jokes. Really. I guess I need to have the tyres changed.
Anna: I've already had it done. I wanted to avoid the queues.
Eva: I'm a little late. As usual. Do you think that I will have to wait long?
Anna: As far as I know about 2 weeks now.
Eva: :-(
Summary: Anna and Eva hate winter. Anna says Eva would need to wait for 2 weeks to have her tyres changed. Anna has already done it.
Dialogue: Sarah: Are you coming for the yoga practice?
Lydia: Yes
Jessica: I want to.
Jessica: What time should we come?
Sarah: I'm free
Sarah: If you want to come now it's fine for me
Lydia: Great. 
Summary: Lydia and Jessica are coming to Sarah's yoga practice. 
Dialogue: Carter: hi! how's your mother doing?
Harvey: hi! she's much better now getting stronger every day. thanks for asking. 
Carter: sure, i know it's been bothering you for a while
Harvey: the most important thing is that she's stable now
Carter: yeah, i remember it was like every day was a struggle..
Harvey: yeah, it was tough!
Carter: so how do you cope with your work, children, house and your mother?
Harvey: we arranged a carer we couldn't do without her!
Carter: i can't even imagine! that's good!
Harvey: she's looking after her while i'm at work keeping her company and taking care of some other stuff 
Carter: so do you see her every day?
Harvey: yes, course i do. i drop by after work. 
Carter: does your brother visit her?
Harvey: nope!
Carter: what an idiot! i bet you must be pissed off!   
Harvey: well you know it is what it is..
Carter: right, i'm off, take care mate!
Summary: Harvey's mother is unwell, but she's getting better now. Harvey visits her every day after work, but his brother never visits her. Harvey arranged a carer for his mother.
Dialogue: Helen: Did you remember to bring the contract?
Nick: FUCK! I FORGOT
Helen: You're kiddin, right....? -.-
Nick: Yeah, just kidding, be right there
Helen: I'm gonna kill you :)
Summary: Nick remembered to bring the contract.
Dialogue: Oscar: yo
Oscar: whatcha up to
Monica: hey
Monica: im watching Friends
Oscar: can I come?
Monica: sure
Monica: just bring some popcorn hehe
Oscar: OK anything else?
Monica: I could use some wine too ;)
Oscar: dry white amirite?
Monica: yes please
Oscar: will do
Oscar: be there in 30
Monica: am waiting! :-)
Summary: Monica is watching Friends. Oscar will join her in 30 minutes. He will bring popcorn and dry white wine.
Dialogue: Davis: Mom? You answering dad's phone?
Kurtis: Yes, this is your mom but your dad's number. Sorry, he left his phone here and went out!
Davis: Okay, gotcha.
Kurtis: Do you need something?
Davis: No, just making sure everything was okay!
Kurtis: Yep. A-okay!
Summary: Davis calls his dad to check up on him. Kurtis, Davis's mom, answers the call because his dad has left his phone behind.
Dialogue: Edlyna: Hey
Edlyna: Can I borrow your swimming kit
Idah: Hey
Idah: Yeah sure. When do you want it?
Edlyna: Tomorrow. I will be going to swim with Kay
Idah: I can see you are getting along together well.
Edlyna: Yeah you know me. I'm too good with men😊
Idah: Ooh yeess!😂
Summary: Edlyna is going swimming tomorrow with Kay. Idah will lend Edlyna her swimming kit.
Dialogue: Nevaeh: so what time do you want me to come?
Gavin: it's up to you
Nevaeh: this week I gonna have some interships at school, and on tuesday i should be free from 14.30 or 15.30. would it be ok with u?
Gavin: just for 1h you will be free tomorrow?
Nevaeh: No
Gavin: I will be free from around 15.30
Nevaeh: I want to see you but if it will be for 1h I do not know. i will see what more i can do here
Gavin: I said I will have time from 15.30. I didn't say I gonna have only 1 h
Nevaeh: that will ok then
Gavin: talk to u later have go to work
Summary: Nevaeh is seeing Gavin on Tuesday at around 15.30. 
Dialogue: Ron: I too have plans for the weekend. Thanks for asking, btw.
Taylor: I was going to! So what are ur plans?
Harry: Oh, did the princess get offended? :P
Ron: Harry, not as much as yo mama!
Ron: Taylor, I'm going to an art exhibition :)
Harry: You bastard! That's it? Art exhibition?
Taylor: Yeah, what's the fun in that?
Ron: Thanks 4 ur support. Actually, my pictures are going to be there too. I'm one of the authors.
Taylor: Ur first exhibition?! Congratulations! I'm so happy 4 u.
Harry: Y didn't u say! I would've cancelled or put off my plans!
Ron: Nah, that's fine. Thanks, guys.
Summary: At the weekend Ron is going to an art exhibition where his pictures are going to be displayed.
Dialogue: Ellis: how do you like the city so far?
Harry: I'm overwhelmed really
Ellis: why?
Harry: It's huge, I feel like an ant here
Ellis: I know, it happens to everybody in the beginning 
Harry: There're so many things to do and to see
Ellis: haha, and millions of people to meet
Harry: exactly, never-ending opportunities that one can never really even try
Harry: one would need 7 lives
Ellis: if not 70
Harry: exactly, it's almost scary
Ellis: you'll get used to eat
Ellis: how is your apartment?
Harry: it's ok. Of course super expensive but I couldn't find anything cheaper
Ellis: with time it may get better, when you know some cool people who may know the city and be willing to share
Harry: yes, we will see
Ellis: and how is the University?
Harry: equally overwhelming hahahahha
Ellis: it will pass as well, just do your things and follow directions of your supervisor
Harry: it will, I know
Harry: But I like it so far
Ellis: that's the most important thing!
Summary: Harry is new at the university in a big city, and now he's feeling overwhelmed. His apartment is expensive, but he couldn't find anything cheaper. However, he likes his university. 
Dialogue: Ross: Hey, I just saw an ad about the skating rink opening.
Justine: Hey, which one?
Ross: The one @ the National Stadium :)
Justine: So we should open our skating season soon! :)
Ross: Yeah, maybe this w/e?
Justine: Count me in :)
Ross: On their website u can purchase a season pass.
Justine: Is it worth buying the pass rather than single tickets?
Ross: Yup, 1 entry is 20$.
Ross: And 1 entry is 75mins.
Ross: Whereas the pass costs 150$ for 10 entries, but OFC u have 2 pay in advance.
Justine: When does the season end?
Justine: Is the pass valid for the entire season?
Ross: It lasts 6 months, so until March. 
Ross: Yes, the pass is valid 4 the entire season.
Justine: OK, that's a good deal.
Justine: I wonder if they acknowledge the Multisport card.
Ross: I thought u didn't have it.
Justine: I ended up getting it mid-year. 
Ross: Nice.
Justine: We had the possibility to change our benefit options @ work.
Justine: So I exchanged the lunch funding for the card.
Ross: Great, so you have an additional 10% off :)
Ross: U can buy the pass online & enter your card number 2 receive the 10% discount.
Ross: <file_other> it says here that they validate the card before the first entry.
Justine: Wonderful, I'll buy the pass online & we can start skating this w/e.
Ross: Awesome, I'll buy mine 2!
Justine: Then we just have to sharpen our skates and were ready to go!
Ross: That's it, see you at the rink :)
Justine: See u there! :)
Summary: Ross and Justine will buy a season pass to the ice rink at the National Stadium.
Dialogue: Terry: What are we drinking tonight?
Terry: Cause I don't know how to prepare myself
Timmy: I need a reset
Timmy: So I'm looking for a companion for drinking shots
Terry: I'm with you
Timmy: Great!
Terry: I'll bring something to eat
Timmy: Hmm. Sounds like you have something in mind :D
Terry: You'll see
Summary: Timmy is tired and wants to do shots. Terry will bring some food.
Dialogue: Hannah: do you have a pad?
Hannah: a bit of an emergency here :<<<
Pam: no :( but will ask Nina, hold on
Pam: Ok, got it, should I bring it to your office?
Hannah: No, coming
Hannah: Thanks <3
Summary: Pam gave Hannah a pad.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: Hi
Elizabeth: Feel like a cup of good coffee?
Elizabeth: I've just got back from the cafe nearby
Elizabeth: It turned out they sell coffee beans
Anne: Coffee with you on Sunday afternoon?
Anne: Sounds good
Anne: I'll get going soon.
Elizabeth: I'm waiting :)
Summary: Elizabeth bought coffe beans at nearby cafe. She will have coffe with Anne on Sunday afternoon.

Answers: ['Emilia is still angry.']
Length: 6406
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: lsht
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 新闻内容：
（西藏４０年）藏传佛教学位体系恢复引发僧侣学经热
（西藏４０年）藏传佛教学位体系恢复引发僧侣学
经热
　　新华社拉萨８月２３日电（记者吴宇　旺嘉）２１岁
的藏族僧人白玛朗杰每天苦读经书的想法很单纯，就是早
日考取藏传佛教显宗的最高学位－－格西。
　　今年夏天，经过在拉萨大昭寺释迦牟尼佛殿前严格的
终考，西藏诞生了近１６年来首批“格西拉让巴”，这是
格西学位体系中最高的等级。曾一度停顿的格西学位考试
制度开始在西藏恢复。
　　白玛朗杰是日喀则地区谢通门县扎西坚白寺的僧人。
他说，自从恢复了格西学位考试制度，在自己寺院的学经
僧中，最“热门”的话题就是发愤苦读，参加考试，早日
成为一名学识渊博的经师。
　　今年刚好轮到白玛朗杰帮厨一年，这件给大家做饭的
差事令他颇为烦恼。“不是因为怕苦、怕累，而是太费时
间了。看到别人都在用功学经，我真担心会落在后面。”
白玛朗杰说。
　　格西，藏语意为善知识，近似于现代意义上的博士学
位，共分为四个等级。拉让巴格西之外的三个等级的格西
由各寺院自行考评，无需通过拉萨传昭大法会的辩经考
试。格西考试制度去年恢复后，西藏专门组织成立了一个
由１６名藏传佛教界活佛高僧和知名专家学者组成的考评
委员会。
　　入寺６年的白玛朗杰说，考取格西学位并不仅仅是为
了一种崇高的荣耀。他觉得作为一名僧人，更重要的是求
得对哲学问题深刻的理解，真正弄懂佛学经典的含义。他
说：“如果僧人仅能机械地念念过去的经文，不能结合人
们不同的心理需求活学活用经文，就做不到发自内心地为
众生祈祷。”
　　拉萨甘丹寺７３岁的经师吉米扎巴是今年获得“格西
拉让巴”学位证书的６名高僧之一，他在六人中排名第
四。作为藏传佛教格鲁派的发祥地，甘丹寺为吉米扎巴考
取格西学位举行了隆重的庆祝活动。
　　通过大规模辩经活动遴选 “格西拉让巴”的传昭大
法会，就是由藏传佛教格鲁派创始人宗喀巴在１４０９年
藏历正月在拉萨发起的。
　　吉米扎巴说：“在安定的社会形势下恢复格西考试，
了却了我一生的心愿，也让许多普通僧人有了明确的目
标。看到藏传佛教教育制度开始全面走上正轨，僧人学经
和晋升学位的权益得到保障，我感到很欣慰。”
　　甘丹寺民主管理委员会副主任阿旺说，想考取最高格
西学位的僧人必须先面对寺内的竞争和筛选。甘丹寺现有
僧人４５０名，学经僧约占一半，其中有３０多名中青年
僧人经过多年研读，对藏传佛教显宗的《释量论》、《入
中观论》、《现观庄严论》、《戒律论》和《俱舍论》等
五部大论有了较深入的理解，初步具备了考取格西的学识
和资历，但是甘丹寺每年举荐参加全区“格西拉让巴”考
试的名额只有两个。
　　阿旺认为，格西考试不仅是学经僧之间宗教学识的竞
赛，也是各大寺院间教育水准的较量，事关寺庙的荣誉和
地位。他说：“以后的格西考试，竞争肯定会越来越激
烈。”
　　重新恢复的格西考试除了传统的辩经环节外，还新增
了文化综合考试等科目。吉米扎巴认为，新一代的格西不
仅要佛学造诣深厚，满足信教群众的精神需求，最好还要
适应时代发展，懂些汉语、英语和现代科学，这样可以与
来访的海内外游客开展对话交流，以使藏传佛教尽可能准
确、深入、全面地为人们了解。
　　中国佛教协会西藏分会负责格西考试制度的恢复工
作，会长珠康·土登克珠活佛担任考评委员会主任。他强
调，在引入现代文化综合考试的同时，格西考试仍要固守
一些传统，特别是藏传佛教僧人特有的苦修精神。
　　据昌都地区强巴林寺７４岁的吉隆·向巴曲扎活佛介
绍，过去僧人考取格西前，必须经历三四十年的苦修。学
经任务之重，有时甚至连烧开水做饭的时间都没有，只能
将凉水放在太阳下温热一下，拌着糌粑填肚子。“起五更、
睡半夜”，更是家常便饭。
　　这位２７岁就考取格西的高僧说：“现代社会优越的
物质条件加上传统的苦修精神，新时代的格西一定能超越
前人的成就，为国家和众生做出更多有益的贡献。”（完）
类别：
Context: 新闻内容：
中国将加快中部地区机场建设
新华社郑州４月２７日电（记者秦亚洲）民航总局规
划司副巡视员李永奇２７日在郑州召开的中部崛起民航合
作发展研讨会上表示，为加快中部地区机场建设，“十一
五”期间，中部六省省会城市机场全部进行改扩建，另外
还将新增６个小型机场。
　　他说，目前，郑州机场改扩建已经完工，武汉、太原、
长沙机场改扩建工程已开工，南昌机场改扩建和合肥机场
迁建工程正处于最终审批阶段。“十一五”期间，将新增
蚌埠、九华山、宜春、驻马店、岳阳和衡阳６个小型机场。
　　为了配合中部崛起战略的深入实施，民航总局将从机
场建设、资金投入、市场开发和运输体系建设四个方面支
持中部地区民航发展。
　　李永奇表示，民航总局将加大中部地区航空运输市场
开发力度，积极鼓励和支持航空公司开辟更多的国内和国
际航线，增加现有的航班密度，支持外国航空公司飞行客
货包机。
　　“九五”和“十五”期间，中部地区机场基础设施得
到了进一步改善，重点建设了郑州新郑、南昌昌北、长沙
黄花和合肥骆岗等干线机场，改扩建了湖北襄樊、湖南长
德和安徽黄山等支线机场，新建了江西井冈山、山西运城
等支线机场。
　　目前，中部地区共有民用航空运输机场２５个，其中
山西４个、江西５个、湖南５个，湖北４个，河南３个，
安徽４个，占中国民航机场总数的１７％。
　　“十五”期间，中国完成机场建设项目７３个。
２００６年末，中国运输机场达到１４７个，比２０００
年增加２６个。（完）
类别：交通运输、邮政、物流

新闻内容：
（经济）上周全国１５个省区市蔬菜价格上涨
新华社北京７月２０日电（记者王晓玲）据新华社全国农副产品和农资价格行情系统监测，与前一周（７月５日至７月１１日，下同）相比，上周（７月１２日至７月１８日，下同）全国１５个省区市蔬菜价格上涨；猪肉价格持续上涨，但涨势较为平缓；鸡蛋价格连降６周后出现上涨；食用油价格以降为主；水产品、水果价格微幅波动；成品粮、奶类价格平稳。
　　受全国大范围雨水天气影响，上周全国蔬菜价格整体稳中有涨。北京、上海、山东、江苏、安徽、江西、河南、湖北、湖南、海南、广西、四川、贵州、陕西、新疆蔬菜价格均以涨为主，其中山东监测的１３种蔬菜价格全部上涨。山东信息采集员反映，由于近期国内一些地方因暴雨受灾，当地蔬菜外销量增大，价格居高不下。
　　猪肉价格延续上涨走势，猪后臀尖肉和猪五花肉价格涨幅均为１．０％，分别至每斤９．１７元和８．２６元。上周猪肉价格连续７天上涨，但涨势较为平缓，陕西、四川的猪肉价格涨幅居前。猪肉价格下降的省区市主要分布在西南、南部沿海、东北等地区。普通鲜鸡蛋价格微涨０．４％，至每斤３．６５元。鸡蛋周均价在连降６周后，上周出现上涨，目前涨势还不太明显。（完）
类别：农业、农村

新闻内容：
贵州：严格控制高档住宅建设用地供应
据新华社贵阳7月14日电（记者周芙蓉）贵州省今年严格控制高档住宅建设用地供应。
    记者从贵州省国土资源厅了解到，根据贵州2007年度建设用地供应计划安排，全省住房用地供地总量为2425.9公顷，其中普通商品住房用地、经济适用住房用地和廉租住房用地供应量为2019.14公顷，占居住用地的83.2%，若加上农村个人建房用地143.6公顷和重点项目移民搬迁安置建房用地39.4公顷，那么关乎民生的居住用地占居住用地供应总量的比例高达90.8%。高档公寓用地供应量为14.7公顷，仅占居住用地总量的0.6%。
类别：基本建设、建筑业、房地产

新闻内容：
半工半读是职业教育的理性回归
ss="XHFounderPOuter"> 教育主管部门不能只盯着高等教育，以培养“精英”为惟一重点。高校无限扩招不是出路，反而会使有限的教育资源打了折扣。莫如分出人力、财力、精力，抓一抓职业教育。  用工单位要破除“惟学历论”。高学历不等于人才，不适用的高学历放在不适用的岗位就不是人才了。目前劳动力市场上大学生求职难而“高级蓝领”稀缺，不是很说明问题吗？  同样的道理，学生求学也不必都盯着高校名校，与其学无所用，用非所学，莫如选择职校，掌握一门技术技能，只要精通了，照样是人才，是专家，照样改变命运。  半工半读的教育模式很有前途和希望，全社会都应该为推动其发展尽力。（完）
类别：教育

新闻内容：
(财经·动态)广西：多项措施力保旅游业“过冬”
新华社南宁１月３日专电（李子文）为应对金融危机带来的冲击，广西旅游管理部门积极采取开拓新的旅游线路、减轻旅行社负担等多项举措，确保旅游市场安全过冬。
　　据了解，面对今年多种因素导致的广西旅游市场较往年大幅下滑的情况，广西旅游局通过多种措施、从多个方面促进旅游市场恢复正常。据广西旅游局市场开发处处长赖富强介绍，广西旅游局通过以下四项措施力保旅游业“过冬”：
　　积极开拓越南、中国港澳台等地的旅游市场。据介绍，由于以前广西在东南亚的旅游市场主要集中在新加坡、马来西亚、泰国、印尼等国家，而对越南关注不够。中国与东盟的全方位合作将为开发越南市场驶上“快车道”。
　　减轻旅行社资金周转压力。据赖富强介绍，针对目前大多数旅行社企业面临经营困难的情况，广西旅游局对旅行社的保证金进行了下调，幅度高达５０％，有力地缓解了旅行社的资金周转压力。
　　通过奖励、补贴等措施积极推动旅行社海外揽客。“我们对旅行社在国外通过自主外联的方式组织旅行团进入广西旅游给予一定的奖励，”赖富强告诉记者，“同时还对旅行社的海外旅游包机给予一定的补贴，如补贴从东盟到南宁、桂林的国际航线。”
　　采取多种营销手段推广广西旅游、刺激旅游市场。“我们现在的一个重要工作是发动‘广西人游广西’。”赖富强说。据了解，广西旅游局在自治区内通过各种比较先进的营销传播手段来推广广西旅游市场，比如通过和邮政局合作发行广西旅游邮政套票、发行旅游明信片。在旅游促销方面主要是通过发行旅游年票、打折票等来鼓励广西本地人出门旅游。
　　据悉，广西旅游市场目前的状况较往年冷淡许多，入境游客较去年同期下降了３５％－４０％。（完）
类别：服务业、旅游业

新闻内容：
我市部分物价近期平稳略降
据监测显示，上周农贸市场的标准粉、富强粉、早籼米、晚籼米、粳米、糌粑一等每斤平均零售价格分别为1.40元、1.47元、1.50元、1.60元、1.76元、2.38元。与前期零售价格相比标准粉、富强粉、粳米分别下降1.41%、2%、1.68%，晚籼米价格上涨4.58%，早籼米和糌粑的价格持平。农贸市场的5升桶装的金龙鱼第二代食用调和油平均零售价格为86.10元，与前期平均零售价格88.88元相比，下降了3.13%。
　　超市的食用植物油品种比农贸市场多，部分食用油价格小幅度下降。前段时间5升桶装的福临门一级大豆油缺货，各超市无货供应，从4月1日起，各大超市陆续上货供应，平均零售价格为每桶68元，与缺货前的价格70元相比下降2.86%；纯香营养一级的5升桶装金龙鱼牌食用菜籽油平均零售价格为87.00元，与前期相比下降0.68%。上周超市伊利纯牛奶每箱平均零售价格为67.20元，伊利奶粉、雀巢全脂奶粉每袋平均零售价格为16.13元、29.33元，与前期相比伊利奶粉、雀巢全脂价格持平，伊利纯牛奶下降1.11%。
　　记者还了解到，上周从农贸市场检测的8种蔬菜品种每斤平均零售价格为2.99元，与前期下降16.01%。
类别：商业、外贸、海关

新闻内容：
中国将向世卫组织捐款800万美元
新华社日内瓦5月15日电(记者杨京德刘国远)在日内瓦出席第60届世界卫生大会的中国代表团团长、卫生部长高强15日在大会发言中宣布，中国政府决定向世界卫生组织捐款800万美元，用于解决发展中国家的卫生问题。
　　高强说，这些资金将用于帮助发展中国家特别是非洲国家建立、健全疾病监测网络，提高疾病防治能力和应对突发公共卫生事件的能力，有助于构建国际卫生安全网络。
类别：对外关系、国际关系

新闻内容：
（文化时讯）调查显示：大学生对中国特色社会主义道路的认同度提升
新华社北京７月６日专电（吴晶、王文硕）教育部６日公布的２００９年高校学生思想政治状况滚动调查显示：认同中国特色社会主义道路的高校学生比例为７３．５％，比５年前增长了８．５个百分点。同意“本世纪头二十年中国能够实现全面建设小康社会的目标”的比例达到６２．５％，与２００８年相比增长了７．３个百分点。
　　教育部负责人指出，与过去５年的调查数据相比，今年可以发现高校学生明显的变化。其中，高校学生的理想信念更加坚定，对坚持中国共产党的领导、坚持中国特色社会主义道路认同度始终保持在较高的水平，整体上有逐年提高的趋势。
　　调查显示：９９％和９８．４％的学生对党和政府在抗击四川汶川特大地震和南方低温雨雪冰冻灾害方面的工作表示“非常满意”或“满意”。９９．１％的学生对党和政府成功举办北京奥运会、残奥会表示“非常满意”或“满意”。９４％和９３．７％的学生对党和政府在扩大内需应对国际金融危机影响和处理拉萨“３·１４”打砸抢烧暴力犯罪事件方面的有力领导表示“非常满意”或“满意”。
　　值得注意的是，今年，高校学生对党和国家在促进农业发展和农民增收方面表示“非常满意”或“满意”的为８４．８％；而在２００４年调查中，高校学生认为党和政府在解决“三农”问题上“成绩显著”或“较有成绩”的为４２％。
　　今年是高校学生思想政治状况滚动调查的第１８年。据了解，今年的调查工作继续在京、津、沪、浙、赣、鄂、粤、滇、陕、豫、鲁、黑、宁、川、新等１５个省（区、市）和新疆生产建设兵团进行。
　　教育部负责人说，近几年来的调查均表明，高校学生精神面貌和思想状况持续呈现可喜变化，思想道德素质进一步提升，上网逐渐成为高校学生的一种重要生活方式。９０％以上的学生认同“做人比做事、做学问更重要”；９０％以上的学生反对“对‘长明灯、长流水’的现象视而不见”、“考试作弊”、“未经同意，使用其他同学私人物品”等校园不文明现象。
　　此外，调查还显示，高校学生对学校工作和教师队伍总体评价良好，在学术水平、学术道德、人格魅力、敬业精神等方面的满意度都超过８０％。（完）
类别：科学技术

新闻内容：
（教育）鸡西市８万多农村孩子从远程教育中受益
新华社哈尔滨１月９日电（记者王春雨）近日，黑龙江省鸡西市东方红中学安装上了现代远程教育系统。通过这套系统，这个位于祖国版图东端偏远学校的师生看到了来自北京的名师授课，学到了书本中学不到的知识。
　　据了解，像东方红中学一样，目前黑龙江省鸡西市３７０所农村中小学已全部实现现代远程教育，８．８万农村孩子从中受益。
　　鸡西市信息技术教育中心主任何心说，鸡西市农村中小学现代远程教育通过教学光盘播放点、卫星教学收视点、计算机教室实现。为使远程教育系统真正发挥效能，今年鸡西市将开展“农村远程教育应用年”活动，重点加强教师、学生对系统的学习、应用，使农村学生享受到与城里孩子一样的优质教育。（完）
类别：教育

新闻内容：
（财经·投洽会）马秀红：服务外包是转变外贸增长方式的重要途径
新华社厦门９月１０日专电（记者胡苏、田野）商务部副部长马秀红１０日上午于此间表示，发展服务外包是转变对外贸易增长方式，提高对外贸易的质量和效益的重要途径。发展服务外包也是优化外商投资结构，提高利用外资水平的重要方式。
　　马秀红说，服务外包是现代高端服务业的重要组成部分，具有科技含量高、附加值大、资源消耗低、环境污染少、吸纳就业能力强等特点。
　　“服务外包的不断扩大不仅成为跨国公司竞争战略的核心，也深刻地改变着国际产业和技术发展的模式，改变着各国在国际产业链和价值链中的位置。”马秀红说。
　　２００６年，中国货物贸易进出口额达１７６０６亿美元，排名世界第三，而服务贸易仅为１９１７．５亿美元，依然相对滞后，占我国贸易总额的１０．８％。
　　“承接服务外包成为发展中国家参与国际竞争的重要战略选择之一，中国的服务贸易发展仍有较大的空间。”她说。
　　马秀红指出，大力发展服务外包等高端服务业，拓宽现代服务领域，创新服务业发展模式、增强服务功能、调整服务业结构，对于我国全面贯彻落实科学发展观、构建和谐社会、建立友好型和资源节约型社会具有重要意义。
    作为第十一届中国国际投资贸易洽谈会的活动之一，由商务部主办的中国服务外包发展研讨会于１０日上午在厦门举行。（完）
类别：服务业、旅游业

新闻内容：
十大科技项目缘何“逆势”落户江宁开发区
研合作不断纵深
推进，有力地提升了区域创新能力。不断提升的创新能力吸引了更多、层次更高的院所前来合作。 据了解，此次签约的项目中就有清华大学、北京大学、中科院等名牌院校的加盟。“综合考虑‘区域经济、产业基础、区位条件、高校智力资源、行政服务效率、机制体制’等客观因素，启迪科技园项目最终落地江宁开发区，使得清华科技园在南京有了‘脚踏实地’，‘办健康企业，走可持续发展之路’的基础。”清华科技园发展中心副主任、启迪控股党委书记罗建北说。 刚刚签约的清华科技园项目由启迪控股股份有限公司和江宁开发区共同投资建设，项目以提升园区创新能力为目标，围绕江宁开发区的主导产业和特色产业，重点在电子信息、汽车、风电及新能源、通信技术等领域建设完整的包括人才引进、创业投资等完整的科技创新体系。 而中国环保产业集聚基地项目由北京大学、香港科技大学和江宁开发区共同建设。北京大学校长助理、深港产学研基地主任史守旭教授介绍说，在江宁开发区建设的“南京北科产学研基地”将成为深港产学研基地和北京大学、香港科技大学在长江三角洲的重要合作平台。首期项目包括三个板块，北科产学
研基地总部办公大楼、环保行业公共服务平台和科技企业总部基地，将引进约２０家跨国公司地区总部或国内中型科技企业总部进驻。 二是现代服务业快速崛起吸引行业巨头。杨友林表示，在加快先进制造业的同时，江宁开发区充分发挥区位、产业、科教等优势，积极引进优质资源和新型业态，培育发展新兴服务业，良好的投资环境和发展服务业的巨大空间，引起了国内外行业巨头的青睐。 此次签约的央视动画南方产业园项目将以动漫为主业，游戏产业为先导，立足南京，辐射长三角地区，将江宁打造成独具特色的长三角地区乃至国家级文化创意产业示范园区。世界领先的流量控制和基础设施解决方案供货商——汉普顿建设的动漫产业归国留学生产业园，主要从事动漫、留学人员培训等现代服务业，未来将会大大提升开发区服务业品牌度及开发区人力资源储备水平。 “我们深刻地感受到了江宁开发区对改善投资环境孜孜不倦的追求，对打造高科技产业和现代服务业的决心和胆识。基于共同的理念，我们与江宁开发区合作建设‘中关村·国际服务外包产业园’，致力于打造跨国公司服务外包的重要承接地和国际服务外包产业转移的最佳接
收地。”北京中关村科技投资有限公司董事长周晓俊表示。 三是新兴产业蕴涵无限生机。全国一流的投资环境、选商选资的招商策略和新兴产业的蓬勃发展，加速了优质项目在江宁开发区的集聚。 “我们紧紧把握国家发展大飞机制造的契机，在市政府的牵引和扶持下，在江宁开发区一流投资环境的吸引下，在空港建立开放式的新型航空高科技产业平台，将采用统一策划、整体对外、个别发展的运营模式，集聚各方高技术人才，孵化和催化发展新型航空高科技企业，打造新型地方航空－军工产业，为地方经济发展做出积极贡献。”西安晨曦航空科技有限责任公司董事长吴坚介绍说，创造中心将为航空类企业发展提供更加全面的创业载体，也必将为推进航空产业腾飞奠定坚实的基础。 生物医药也是江宁开发区未来所着力培育的新兴产业。金思康生物医药服务外包项目由江苏金思康科技有限公司整体运作，总投资８０００万美元，主要从事生物工程及生物医学工程领域内ＤＮＡ蛋白试剂及多种抗体等相关产品的研发、制备和售后技术服务，项目２０１０年建成投产后，将成为园区最具代表性的生物医药外包项目，当年产值将达１０亿元人民币
。
类别：服务业、旅游业

新闻内容：
罗一田径运动员因药检阳性失去参赛资格
据罗新社报道，有关机构在对罗迪卡４月份的尿样检查中发现类固醇，日前的复查结果还是阳性，因此，她被取消参赛资格。 
    今年２９岁的罗迪卡曾经夺得三级跳远世界亚军。她在得知国际田联的这一消息后随即离开了训练基地并返回布加勒斯特。罗迪卡对此间新闻媒体一再强调没有服用过任何违禁药品。罗田协主席约兰达说，罗迪卡有权向国际奥委会提出申诉，但证明她的“清白” 尚需时日，无论如何，她已失去了本届奥运会的参赛资格。 
    据报道，这是１９８９年以来罗运动员首次被正式指控服用违禁药。 
    另外，曾获４００米混合泳欧洲亚军的切扎尔·伯迪策耶也有可能被取消悉尼奥运会的参赛资格。据报道，该运动员今年５月份的尿样首次检查呈阳性，但在４小时后的复查又呈阴性。８月１７日，有关机构在巴黎对尿样进行再次检查，结果发现一种不明真菌。据报道，本周末国际泳联将对该运动员的参赛资格作出最后的决定。 
    罗国家奥委会一再强调，如果运动员被确认服用违禁药，将被终身禁止代表罗马尼亚参加奥运会。（完）
类别：体育

新闻内容：
（经济）国家质检总局采取三大措施扶持优质产品
（经济）国家质检总局采取三大措施扶持优质产品
    新华社北京８月３１日电（记者李柯勇）开展中国名牌产品评价活动，实行产品免检制度和原产地域产品保护制度，是我国质检部门扶优扶强的“三大”举措。
    国家质量监督检验检疫总局副局长蒲长城31日介绍说，截至目前，我国共有200多家企业的322个品牌获得了“中国名牌”称号；共有34大类产品789家企业获得免检资格；共有绍兴黄酒、贵州茅台酒、西湖龙井茶等20多个产品获准原产地域保护。
    蒲长城说，中国名牌产品是指实物质量达到国际同类产品先进水平、在国内同类产品中处于领先地位、市场占有率和知名度居行业前列、用户满意程度高、具有较强市场竞争力的产品。免检是指对符合规定条件的产品免于政府部门实施的质量监督检查的活动。《免检办法》规定，免检产品自获准免检之日起3年内，在全国范围内免除各地区、各部门在生产和流通领域实施的各种形式的产品质量监督检查。原产地域产品是指利用产自特定地域的原材料，按照传统工艺在特定地域内所生产的，质量、特色或者声誉在本质上取决于其原产地域地理特征的，并按法定程序批准以原产地域名称进行命名的产品。我国原产地域产品的定义及其保护规定，同国际惯例是一致的。
    与此同时，全国各地纷纷开展了以创名牌和提高经济发展水平为主要内容的“质量兴市”活动，取得了显著成效，涌现出温州市等一批“质量兴市”先进市、县。（完）
类别：经济

新闻内容：
（教育）陕西汉中：“远程教育”让农村孩子享受到名师教学
引入校园网资源库，教师可以在课堂上进行网络环境下的教学；大部分农村中小学生可以在课堂上直接享受名师的同步教学；传统教学模式下的一些难点问题在现代信息技术和现代远程教育环境下得到较好解决，课堂教学更加形象、直观、生动，激发了学生的学习兴趣，课堂教学成效明显。目前汉中市已建成１个市级资源库和１１个县级资源库，资源中包括近几年征集评选的现代教育技术成果，如教案、课件、优质课赛教课堂实录等；有自主研发、编制出版的《教育技术课题研究成果集锦》和《中小学教育信息化培训》教材；有和汉师附小等学校联合发行的网络环境下的课堂教学示范课光盘；有《中小学教师现代教育技术技能与应用》电子版教材等优质的教育教学以及师资培训类资源。（完）
类别：教育

新闻内容：
（抗战胜利）汪方典：抗日战场旅美中国空军飞行员
（抗战胜利）汪方典：抗日战场旅美中国空军飞行员
　　新华社南京７月２８日电题：汪方典：抗日战场旅美中国空军飞行员
    　　　　　　新华社记者梅世雄
　　预约采访参加过抗日战争的中国旅美空军飞行员汪方典时，老人正在病中，一周以来每天都要吊水，他身边的人婉拒了记者的采访要求。
    可是，当老人得知采访他是为了通过他，向世人展示中国空军在抗击日本侵略者中所作的贡献时，抢着对记者大声说：“我是下午吊水，你可以上午采访。”他说：“从‘８·１４’首战告捷，到‘５·１９’远征日本本土，八年抗战中，年轻的中国空军打出了军威、国威。”
    （小标题）“能当飞行员，又能出国，是诱惑我参军的主要原因之一”
    出生在上海的汪方典，从小跟随父亲到了沈阳。“当时父亲在一家兵工厂工作。我初中还未毕业，就赶上‘九一八’事变。日本人到处烧杀抢掠，我和同学们都处于极度恐慌之中。我不得不跟随父亲逃难到了南京，接着又回到了老家上海。我进入上海复旦试验中学继续念初中三年级。”汪方典说。
  　１９３２年，日本发动了“一·二八”事变。
    头发花白的注方典愤愤地对记者说：“这该死的鬼子，躲都躲不掉。战火又到了我跟前。我又随着学校迁入杭州。这也是逃难。”
    在浙江省杭州市，汪方典亲眼目睹了日本飞机疯狂地轰炸学校旁边的纱生大厦。“有不少人伤亡。此情此景，加深了我对鬼子的仇恨。”
    １９４０年，汪方典从中央大学毕业，又考取了研究生。“我是中大航空专业第一届毕业生。能考取研究生的人少得可怜。这个时候，我们学校已经迁到了重庆。”汪方典说。
    １９４２年，中国空军到各个大学招募旅美飞行员。“我体检合格，就进了空军。当时我研究生还有几个月毕业。学校鼓励同学们报名，学校说以后补写一篇论文就可毕业。”汪方典说，“我还对系主任说：‘没毕业，很可惜。’系主任说：‘不可惜，打完仗可以再回来读。’系主任是毕业于美国麻省理工大学的高级工程师。”
    汪方典说：“能当飞行员，又能出国，是诱惑我参军的主要原因之一。其实，亲身经历那么多次鬼子轰炸，在我的骨子里，早就有搏击长空与鬼子鏖战的念头。”
    汪方典说：“当时，人人都想当飞行员。当然，不是每个人都能当飞行员的。我们同学当中，只有我一个人被录取。”
    （小标题）“当飞行员头两次参战，最容易被打死”
    １９４２年４至５月间，汪方典先后在云南昆明、四川宜宾等中国空军基地训练。考试及格，汪方典正式成为旅美中国空军飞行员。“尽管我们都是作为旅美飞行员选拔的，但不是每个人都能自动入选，要经过初步训练，还要经过严格考试。”汪方典说：“我们是第六批，有五六十人，我学历最高。”
    他说：“在美国，我飞过好几个机型，主要是飞 Ｂ－２５型，这是一种中型轰炸机。”
    １９４３年底，赴美一年多的汪方典又到印度卡拉奇进行飞行训练。“在这里的训练，已经是为回国作战做准备了。”
    １９４５年初，汪方典回国参战。“我很激动，学了这多久，终于可以打鬼子了。”
    可是，刚刚归国的汪方典，还未来得及升空作战，就得知有同学牺牲。“飞行员头两次参战，最容易被打死。”
    汪方典回忆说：“战斗机飞行员陈华勋的任务是扫射地面高射阵地。据说他很勇敢，俯冲六次，最后一次被打下来，当场阵亡。林世荣更惨，他的任务是在高空与日机战斗，被击落当了俘虏。日本人用钢丝穿他的脚骨，然后穿肩颊骨，然后在武汉游街，然后枪毙。就在同一天，在湖南芷江，两个同学出勤以后再也没有回来。第一次参战就牺牲４个人，可见战争是多么惨烈。”
    讲到这里，汪方典用右手揉了揉苍老而又通红的双眼，声音在颤抖。
    情绪平静之后，老人继续回忆：“我的任务主要是配合美国飞行员，轰炸桂林、柳州日本陆军的地面防空火力。美国人都说我掩护得很好。日本人火力蛮强。我驾驶的飞机上有４挺重机枪，多次与日军对射。
    “此时，是中国军队的反攻阶段。日本人已经节节败退。”
    “我参与了十多次掩护轰炸队的任务。一架飞机上一般有５至６人。驾驶要讲资格，老一点的当主驾驶。像我这样的新手一般做副驾驶，不过我的技术比较过硬，做过主驾驶。”
    （小标题）“与中国陆军、海军相比，中国空军几乎没打过败仗”
    抗战胜利后，汪方典到杭州空军军官学校当了近２年的飞行教官。国民党败退大陆后，他没去台湾，而是与中国共产党的地下组织取得了联系，先在上海航空工业研究室搞研究。后调到南京明故宫２１厂，这是一个修理厂。离休时为南京５１１厂的高级工程师。
    “同学没剩下几个了。”这是采访中汪方典反复强调的一句话。他向记者推荐了方振中，并当着记者的面与方振中通了电话。他们经常联系，因为在南京，健在国民党空军飞行员只有他们两人。
    步入耄耋之年的汪方典，一直以参加过抗日战争的飞行员经历为自豪。“与中国陆军、海军相比，中国空军几乎没打过败仗，都是扬我中华民族威风的。”汪方典说，“中日双方的空军力量不在一个档次。抗战初期，中国空军只有飞机３００余架，日本用于侵华的作战飞机有 ８００多架，而且性能都优于我们。但是，我们不怕他们，狠狠地揍了他们。你知道‘８·１４’吗？你知道‘５· １９’吗？”
    “１９３７年８月１４日，中国空军第四航空队在大队长高志航大队长的率领下，与日本空军激战于杭州上空，首战告捷，取得了六比零的好成绩。以后，在上海、南京、武汉等地的保卫战中，又多次重创敌机。”
    “１９３８年５月１９日，中国政府为向日本人民阐明法西斯分子发动侵华战争的真相，派徐焕升、苏先华等 ８人，分驾两架‘马丁Ｂ－１０’轰炸机，于２３时４８分起飞，直抵长崎，投下照明弹，撒下传单，再飞福冈、久留米、佐贺、九州等地，继续撒传单，在日本上空飞行近２个小时，共撒下２０万份传单。人们把这次行动称作‘人道远征’或‘纸片轰炸’。此举使日本朝野受到极大震动，也受到抗日军民的高度赞扬，在国际上引起很大反响。”（新华社专稿）
类别：军事

新闻内容：
（电视通稿·国内）河北：乡村旅游带动就业人数达２６万人
（电视通稿·国内）河北：乡村旅游带动就业人数达２６万人（１’１２”）
　　编辑：文　晶　张　静
　　审稿：丁冬霞
　　终审：宋一喆
　　场记：　
　　１、民俗村镜头一组；　
　　２、游人游玩及观看镜头一组；　
　　３、传统的农业生产、生活镜头一组；
　　４、其余素材。　
　　正文：
　　【解说】记者日前从河北省旅游局获悉，省内乡村旅游带动就业人数达２６万人，占河北省旅游就业人数的１３％。在开展乡村旅游的地区，农民人均纯收入高于其他地区２至３倍。
　　今年以来，河北省乡村旅游业接待人数和收入分别增长３５％以上。据统计，河北省目前开展乡村旅游的乡镇达２５２个，村落有１４００余家；年接待游客超过３６００万人次，旅游收入达６５亿元，分别占河北省旅游接待和收入总量的３６％和１１．７％。
　　新华社记者王昆、曲澜娟石家庄报道。（完）
类别：农业、农村

新闻内容：
（财经·观察）固定利率能否成为房贷主流
（财经·观察）固定利率能否成为房贷主流
　　新华社昆明２月２３日专电题：固定利率能否成为房贷主流
　　新华社记者浦超 王研
　　２００６年１月，光大银行率先在北京、上海等推出固定利率住房贷款，之后，中国建设银行、招商银行也有所动作。银行业有人称“固定利率将成房贷市场新的主流”。然而，银行一致看好的固定利率房贷推出后却遭到冷遇，光大银行推出一个月，签单数屈指可数。
　　号称能为购房者规避利率上浮风险的固定利率房贷为何无人喝彩？金融专家认为，我国实行的是稳健的货币政策，结合我国宏观经济形势发展看，利率大幅上调的可能性不大，固定利率房贷短期内难成个人住房贷款的主流，低利率房贷仍是购房者首选。
　　（小标题）固定利率房贷成关注焦点
　　“把现行的房贷利率固定下来，不再随行就市，央行是否加息对自己的还款月供不再有任何影响”－－这是去年很多人对“固定利率房贷”的美好憧憬。
　　今年１月，固定利率房贷终于揭开面纱，相关传言也尘埃落定。光大银行率先在北京、上海等推出固定利率住房贷款。申请对象限于贷款期限为５年以下（含）和５年以上至１０年（含）两个档次的个人住房一手房贷款，年利率分别为５．９４％和６．１８％。
　　在北京、上海试行了半个月后，光大银行进一步丰富了“阳光生活”系列新业务，将原“固定利率个人住房贷款”调整为“固定利率个人住房／商业用房贷款”，产品范围增加二手住房贷款和商业用房贷款（含一手商业用房贷款和二手商业用房贷款），贷款期限不变，均为５年以下（含）和５年以上至１０年（含）两档贷款期限。新增的固定利率商业用房贷款，５年以下（含）和５年以上至 １０年（含）两个贷款档次的年利率水平分别为 ６．１８％和６．４２％。
　　“固定利率住房贷款”在全国推开后，光大银行同时展开了大面积的宣传攻势，期望在金融市场激烈的竞争中掌握主动权。固定利率房贷一时成为个人房贷市场最热门的话题。
　　　光大银行推出固定利率房贷不久，又有消息称，建设银行、招商银行等银行机构也推出了固定利率房贷产品。同时，记者从光大银行昆明分行了解到，光大银行正在酝酿推出第三款贷款１５年以上期限的固定利率房贷。
　　（小标题）固定利率房贷为何无人喝彩 
　　　　连续两年的利率上调掀起的提前还贷风潮让商业银行遭受了不同程度的损失，且２００５年房地产市场遇冷导致房贷市场呈萎缩态势，而住房贷款一直是各家银行看好的优质资产，银行认为固定利率产品可以避免提前还贷，各家商业银行因此争相推出固定利率房贷产品。
　　银行方面认为，浮动利率的利率风险由借款人承担，固定利率则把利率风险变为银行和购房者共同承担，是购房者的理想选择。然而，固定利率房贷推出后让银行方面大跌眼镜，问世以来，固定利率房贷事实上并无太多人问津……光大银行已推出一个月，全国签单数屈指可数，昆明等大多数城市迄今为止均没签单，其他家商业银行的情况也大都如此。光大银行昆明分行个贷中心主任潘春红解释说：“由于推出时间短，消费者正处于认知过程中。”
　　云南大学金融系主任郭树华认为，银行利率和国家宏观经济发展水平密切联系，就目前我国经济发展趋势看，消费处于稳步增长中，不大可能出现大幅度的波动，同时我国执行的是稳健的货币政策，短期内利率不会出现大幅度的上调。过去两年中，央行每年都对贷款利率有过一次调整，每次的调整都在０．３％左右，就算按这种幅度，未来还需再有两次加息，才能达到固定利率与浮动利率持平的状况。
　　“在浮动利率短期内不会有太大上调的情况下，短期贷款选择浮动利率贷款方式，会比固定利率方式更省钱，当然还要参照固定利率的制定标准值，如果固定利率的制定值明显高于目前５年期执行的房贷利率，选择浮动利率更优。”郭树华说。光大银行推出的５年期固定利率为 ５．９４％，相比较现行５年期浮动利率，已然超过太多，这或许也是固定利率房贷无人喝彩的重要原因。
　　记者在采访中还了解到，购房者虽然和银行签订了 １０年、１５年等不同年限贷款合同，但大多数在还了５年左右的房贷后，因为加息等原因，都选择了提前还款来避免损失，真正按合同年限还贷的并不多。
　　（小标题）短期难成主流
　　尽管市场反映冷淡，固定利率房贷却拨动了商业银行进行产品创新的神经，业界热捧程度超乎想象。似乎都认定这是块巨大的蛋糕，各商业银行注定要在这块蛋糕上展开争夺战。银行界部分人表示：固定利率房贷是发展趋势，将成为房贷的主流。
　　潘春红说：“随着市场发展，央行主要统管总的利率，各家商业银行在激烈的竞争中，根据自身发展的起点，推出不同的房贷利率保护自己的客户，微观调整房贷利率是一种必然趋势。” 据了解，在发达国家，很多消费者通过固定利率来规避利率风险。在荷兰、法国等国，这样的消费者占到８０％。
　　对这项业界一致看好的新业务，专家却提出了不同观点。“现在说固定房贷利率将成主流还为时尚早。”郭树华说，目前，银行的市场营销尚未全面展开，购房者知晓率不高；国内银行长期执行央行制定的统一房贷利率，购房者对未来利率走势判断有盲目性；更重要的是，我国的利率市场化和资产证券化等系列改革都处在起步阶段，缺乏全面推行固定利率房贷所需要的强有力支撑，在产品种类、贷款期限、利率定价等方面难以满足购房者的需要，固定利率房贷短期内难以成为个人住房贷款的主流。（完）
类别：财政、金融

新闻内容：
（医卫）西藏藏药生产迈向规范化、标准化
新华社拉萨９月１日电（记者德吉）近年来，在国家的重视和大力扶持下，西藏藏医药产业得到了长足发展。藏药生产企业从最早的手工作坊到工业化生产逐步发展壮大，藏药生产企业突飞猛增，藏药生产开始向标准化、规范化发展。
　　记者从西藏自治区卫生厅藏医药管理局获悉，目前西藏的藏药生产企业发展到１８家，且全部通过国家ＧＭＰ认证，藏药生产从业人员达到１４００多人。
　　据介绍，西藏的藏药生产企业能够生产３６０多个藏药品种，其中获得国药准字号的有２９４个品种，２１种藏药被列入新药品种，２０个品种被列入国家中药保护品种，１６种藏成药被列入国家药典，３１个品种被列入《国家基本药物品种目录》。
　　随着青藏铁路的开通，藏医药销售网络不断拓展，营销人才和队伍遍布全国，部分药品远销国外。２００５年自治区藏药厂“甘露”商标荣获“中国驰名商标”称号。２００７年，西藏藏药产值达到６．６亿元，销售收入４．５亿元，上缴税费０．５６亿元。
　　目前，西藏藏医药业形成了以自治区藏药厂、各地（市）医院制剂室或藏药厂为支点的行业格局，初步形成以骨干企业为龙头、科研开发为依托、传统产品和新产品为支撑、资源保护利用为基础的藏药产品群体，并逐步向规模化、产业化方向发展。 
　　近几年来西藏每年投入２亿元以上的资金，加大包括藏药企业在内的企业技术进步和改造力度，积极引导藏药企业开展藏药传统剂型改革和工艺改良。
　　西藏企业将藏医传统医学与现代手段有机结合起来，生产出胶囊、口服液、片剂、贴剂等新剂型产品。目前，“十味龙胆花颗粒”“十味蒂达胶囊”“诺迪康”“奇正消痛贴膏”等一系列新型藏药，得到了消费者的认可，十分畅销。
　　今年西藏首家现代化藏药生产基地将投入建设。建成后的基地将开展藏药继承、研制、生产等工作，从而引领西藏藏药加工生产走向智能化、现代化、规模化和标准化。（完）
类别：医药、卫生
Answers: ['科学技术']
Length: 15596
Language: zh

==================================================
Dataset: passage_count
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 
Context: Paragraph 1: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 2: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 3: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 4: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 5: Developed by Atari Melbourne House and released for PlayStation 2 by Atari on May 11, 2004 in North America and May 7, 2004 in Europe, the Transformers video game (originally called Transformers Armada: Prelude to Energon, but simply titled again as Transformers.) is loosely based on the Armada series. In the game you play as three Autobots: Optimus Prime, Hot Shot, and Red Alert. The general story is the same as the TV show, you must find and collect the Mini-Cons and fight off Megatron and his Decepticons. In the game, you travel through various large environments on Earth (such as the Amazon Jungle and Antarctica) while fighting off Megatron's "Decepticlone" army and finding Mini-Cons that give the player's character different abilities in order to get further into the game. The player will also fight a number of familiar Decepticons from the Armada show, such as Starscream, Cyclonus, and Tidal Wave. The plot is similar to Armada, right down to the final battle with Unicron at the end. A few of the voice actors from the show (notably Garry Chalk as Prime and David Kaye as Megatron) voiced for the game. There are also subtle references to The Transformers: The Movie. The game is rated T on the ESRB ratings scale.

Paragraph 6: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 7: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 8: Developed by Atari Melbourne House and released for PlayStation 2 by Atari on May 11, 2004 in North America and May 7, 2004 in Europe, the Transformers video game (originally called Transformers Armada: Prelude to Energon, but simply titled again as Transformers.) is loosely based on the Armada series. In the game you play as three Autobots: Optimus Prime, Hot Shot, and Red Alert. The general story is the same as the TV show, you must find and collect the Mini-Cons and fight off Megatron and his Decepticons. In the game, you travel through various large environments on Earth (such as the Amazon Jungle and Antarctica) while fighting off Megatron's "Decepticlone" army and finding Mini-Cons that give the player's character different abilities in order to get further into the game. The player will also fight a number of familiar Decepticons from the Armada show, such as Starscream, Cyclonus, and Tidal Wave. The plot is similar to Armada, right down to the final battle with Unicron at the end. A few of the voice actors from the show (notably Garry Chalk as Prime and David Kaye as Megatron) voiced for the game. There are also subtle references to The Transformers: The Movie. The game is rated T on the ESRB ratings scale.

Paragraph 9: The governor mentioned here is Nes-Djehuti or Esdhuti who appears as the Chief of the Shamin Libyans in both the aforementioned Year 13 stela of Takelot III and also in the Smaller Dakhla Stela. The smaller Dakla stela dates to Year 24 of the Nubian king Piye. This could mean that Takelot III and Piye were near contemporaries during their respective reigns. It suggested that an important graffito at Wadi Gasus—which apparently links the God's Wife Amenirdis I (hence Shabaka here) to Year 19 of a God's Wife Shepenupet—is a synchronism between a Nubian ruler and an Upper Egyptian Libyan king thereby equating Year 12 of Shabaka to Takelot III (rather than the short-lived Rudamun). This graffito would have been carved prior to Piye's Nubian conquest of Egypt in his 20th Year—by which time both Takelot III and Rudamun had already died. However, new evidence on the Wadi Gasus graffito published by Claus Jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving to the 25th dynastic Nubian period entirely—to Year 12 of Shabaka and Year 19 of Taharqa rather than to the 23rd dynastic Libyan era—and demonstrates that they instead pertain to Amenirdis I and Shepenupet II respectively based on palaegraphic and other evidence collated by Jurman at Karnak rather than the Nubian Amenirdis I and the Libyan Shepenupet I, daughter of Osorkon III. The God's Wife Shepenupet II was Piye's daughter and Taharqa's sister. Jurman notes that no evidence from the innermost sanctuary of the chapel of Osiris Heqadjet at Karnak shows Shepenupet I associated with Piye's daughter, Amenirdis I. The Wadi Gasus graffiti were written in 2 separate handstyles and the year date formulas for '12' and '19' were also written differently which suggests that they are unlikely to have been composed at the same time. This means that the Year 19 date cannot be assigned to Takelot III and likely belongs to the Nubian king Taharqa instead.

Paragraph 10: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 11: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 12: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 13: The governor mentioned here is Nes-Djehuti or Esdhuti who appears as the Chief of the Shamin Libyans in both the aforementioned Year 13 stela of Takelot III and also in the Smaller Dakhla Stela. The smaller Dakla stela dates to Year 24 of the Nubian king Piye. This could mean that Takelot III and Piye were near contemporaries during their respective reigns. It suggested that an important graffito at Wadi Gasus—which apparently links the God's Wife Amenirdis I (hence Shabaka here) to Year 19 of a God's Wife Shepenupet—is a synchronism between a Nubian ruler and an Upper Egyptian Libyan king thereby equating Year 12 of Shabaka to Takelot III (rather than the short-lived Rudamun). This graffito would have been carved prior to Piye's Nubian conquest of Egypt in his 20th Year—by which time both Takelot III and Rudamun had already died. However, new evidence on the Wadi Gasus graffito published by Claus Jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving to the 25th dynastic Nubian period entirely—to Year 12 of Shabaka and Year 19 of Taharqa rather than to the 23rd dynastic Libyan era—and demonstrates that they instead pertain to Amenirdis I and Shepenupet II respectively based on palaegraphic and other evidence collated by Jurman at Karnak rather than the Nubian Amenirdis I and the Libyan Shepenupet I, daughter of Osorkon III. The God's Wife Shepenupet II was Piye's daughter and Taharqa's sister. Jurman notes that no evidence from the innermost sanctuary of the chapel of Osiris Heqadjet at Karnak shows Shepenupet I associated with Piye's daughter, Amenirdis I. The Wadi Gasus graffiti were written in 2 separate handstyles and the year date formulas for '12' and '19' were also written differently which suggests that they are unlikely to have been composed at the same time. This means that the Year 19 date cannot be assigned to Takelot III and likely belongs to the Nubian king Taharqa instead.

Paragraph 14: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 15: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 16: CLSM consists of a mixture of Portland cement, water, aggregate and sometimes fly ash. Unlike ordinary concrete, CLSM has much lower strength. The strength of CLSM is less than , while ordinary concrete has strengths exceeding . As a result, CLSM is not suitable for supporting buildings, bridges, or other structures. Instead, it is primarily used as a replacement for compacted backfill. It also flows much better than ordinary concrete, having the consistency of a milkshake. The first known use of CLSM was in 1964. CLSM is typically a ready mix concrete rather than soil cement which is a low strength cement made using local soil, and is similar to a slurry.

Paragraph 17: Floyd Gahman (1894 – 1979) was a noted American landscape and building artist who specialized in oil paintings of the New England and mid-Atlantic area. He was born in 1894 in Elida, Ohio, and died in 1979 in New York City, New York. In the 1950s, he was head of the Arts Department at the Ogontz Campus of Pennsylvania State University in Abington, PA. He maintained a studio on campus and made woodblock prints of landscapes which he sent to friends and family at Christmas time. <son of a fellow faculty member and close acquaintance>. He was named as a National Academician in 1969 and listed in Who's Who in America.  

Paragraph 18: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 19: Floyd Gahman (1894 – 1979) was a noted American landscape and building artist who specialized in oil paintings of the New England and mid-Atlantic area. He was born in 1894 in Elida, Ohio, and died in 1979 in New York City, New York. In the 1950s, he was head of the Arts Department at the Ogontz Campus of Pennsylvania State University in Abington, PA. He maintained a studio on campus and made woodblock prints of landscapes which he sent to friends and family at Christmas time. <son of a fellow faculty member and close acquaintance>. He was named as a National Academician in 1969 and listed in Who's Who in America.  

Paragraph 20: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 21: Developed by Atari Melbourne House and released for PlayStation 2 by Atari on May 11, 2004 in North America and May 7, 2004 in Europe, the Transformers video game (originally called Transformers Armada: Prelude to Energon, but simply titled again as Transformers.) is loosely based on the Armada series. In the game you play as three Autobots: Optimus Prime, Hot Shot, and Red Alert. The general story is the same as the TV show, you must find and collect the Mini-Cons and fight off Megatron and his Decepticons. In the game, you travel through various large environments on Earth (such as the Amazon Jungle and Antarctica) while fighting off Megatron's "Decepticlone" army and finding Mini-Cons that give the player's character different abilities in order to get further into the game. The player will also fight a number of familiar Decepticons from the Armada show, such as Starscream, Cyclonus, and Tidal Wave. The plot is similar to Armada, right down to the final battle with Unicron at the end. A few of the voice actors from the show (notably Garry Chalk as Prime and David Kaye as Megatron) voiced for the game. There are also subtle references to The Transformers: The Movie. The game is rated T on the ESRB ratings scale.

Paragraph 22: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 23: The governor mentioned here is Nes-Djehuti or Esdhuti who appears as the Chief of the Shamin Libyans in both the aforementioned Year 13 stela of Takelot III and also in the Smaller Dakhla Stela. The smaller Dakla stela dates to Year 24 of the Nubian king Piye. This could mean that Takelot III and Piye were near contemporaries during their respective reigns. It suggested that an important graffito at Wadi Gasus—which apparently links the God's Wife Amenirdis I (hence Shabaka here) to Year 19 of a God's Wife Shepenupet—is a synchronism between a Nubian ruler and an Upper Egyptian Libyan king thereby equating Year 12 of Shabaka to Takelot III (rather than the short-lived Rudamun). This graffito would have been carved prior to Piye's Nubian conquest of Egypt in his 20th Year—by which time both Takelot III and Rudamun had already died. However, new evidence on the Wadi Gasus graffito published by Claus Jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving to the 25th dynastic Nubian period entirely—to Year 12 of Shabaka and Year 19 of Taharqa rather than to the 23rd dynastic Libyan era—and demonstrates that they instead pertain to Amenirdis I and Shepenupet II respectively based on palaegraphic and other evidence collated by Jurman at Karnak rather than the Nubian Amenirdis I and the Libyan Shepenupet I, daughter of Osorkon III. The God's Wife Shepenupet II was Piye's daughter and Taharqa's sister. Jurman notes that no evidence from the innermost sanctuary of the chapel of Osiris Heqadjet at Karnak shows Shepenupet I associated with Piye's daughter, Amenirdis I. The Wadi Gasus graffiti were written in 2 separate handstyles and the year date formulas for '12' and '19' were also written differently which suggests that they are unlikely to have been composed at the same time. This means that the Year 19 date cannot be assigned to Takelot III and likely belongs to the Nubian king Taharqa instead.

Paragraph 24: CLSM consists of a mixture of Portland cement, water, aggregate and sometimes fly ash. Unlike ordinary concrete, CLSM has much lower strength. The strength of CLSM is less than , while ordinary concrete has strengths exceeding . As a result, CLSM is not suitable for supporting buildings, bridges, or other structures. Instead, it is primarily used as a replacement for compacted backfill. It also flows much better than ordinary concrete, having the consistency of a milkshake. The first known use of CLSM was in 1964. CLSM is typically a ready mix concrete rather than soil cement which is a low strength cement made using local soil, and is similar to a slurry.

Paragraph 25: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 26: CLSM consists of a mixture of Portland cement, water, aggregate and sometimes fly ash. Unlike ordinary concrete, CLSM has much lower strength. The strength of CLSM is less than , while ordinary concrete has strengths exceeding . As a result, CLSM is not suitable for supporting buildings, bridges, or other structures. Instead, it is primarily used as a replacement for compacted backfill. It also flows much better than ordinary concrete, having the consistency of a milkshake. The first known use of CLSM was in 1964. CLSM is typically a ready mix concrete rather than soil cement which is a low strength cement made using local soil, and is similar to a slurry.

Paragraph 27: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 28: CLSM consists of a mixture of Portland cement, water, aggregate and sometimes fly ash. Unlike ordinary concrete, CLSM has much lower strength. The strength of CLSM is less than , while ordinary concrete has strengths exceeding . As a result, CLSM is not suitable for supporting buildings, bridges, or other structures. Instead, it is primarily used as a replacement for compacted backfill. It also flows much better than ordinary concrete, having the consistency of a milkshake. The first known use of CLSM was in 1964. CLSM is typically a ready mix concrete rather than soil cement which is a low strength cement made using local soil, and is similar to a slurry.

Paragraph 29: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 30: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 31: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 32: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 33: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 34: The governor mentioned here is Nes-Djehuti or Esdhuti who appears as the Chief of the Shamin Libyans in both the aforementioned Year 13 stela of Takelot III and also in the Smaller Dakhla Stela. The smaller Dakla stela dates to Year 24 of the Nubian king Piye. This could mean that Takelot III and Piye were near contemporaries during their respective reigns. It suggested that an important graffito at Wadi Gasus—which apparently links the God's Wife Amenirdis I (hence Shabaka here) to Year 19 of a God's Wife Shepenupet—is a synchronism between a Nubian ruler and an Upper Egyptian Libyan king thereby equating Year 12 of Shabaka to Takelot III (rather than the short-lived Rudamun). This graffito would have been carved prior to Piye's Nubian conquest of Egypt in his 20th Year—by which time both Takelot III and Rudamun had already died. However, new evidence on the Wadi Gasus graffito published by Claus Jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving to the 25th dynastic Nubian period entirely—to Year 12 of Shabaka and Year 19 of Taharqa rather than to the 23rd dynastic Libyan era—and demonstrates that they instead pertain to Amenirdis I and Shepenupet II respectively based on palaegraphic and other evidence collated by Jurman at Karnak rather than the Nubian Amenirdis I and the Libyan Shepenupet I, daughter of Osorkon III. The God's Wife Shepenupet II was Piye's daughter and Taharqa's sister. Jurman notes that no evidence from the innermost sanctuary of the chapel of Osiris Heqadjet at Karnak shows Shepenupet I associated with Piye's daughter, Amenirdis I. The Wadi Gasus graffiti were written in 2 separate handstyles and the year date formulas for '12' and '19' were also written differently which suggests that they are unlikely to have been composed at the same time. This means that the Year 19 date cannot be assigned to Takelot III and likely belongs to the Nubian king Taharqa instead.

Paragraph 35: The present-day Louvre Palace is a vast complex of wings and pavilions which, although superficially homogeneous in scale and architecture, is the result of many phases of building, modification, destruction and reconstruction. Its apparent stylistic consistency is largely due to conscious efforts of architects over several centuries to echo each other's work and preserve a strong sense of historical continuity, mirroring that of the French monarchy and state; American essayist Adam Gopnik has written that "The continuity the Louvre represents is the continuity of the French state." For example, from the 1620s to the 1650s Jacques Lemercier thoroughly replicated the Lescot Wing's patterns for his design of the northern half of the western wing of the Cour Carrée. In the 1660s Louis Le Vau echoed Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge for his redesign of the central pavillon of the Tuileries Palace further west (burnt in 1871 and demolished in 1883), and mostly continued Lescot's and Lemercier's pattern for the completion of the Cour Carrée. A separate design a few years later, that associated with Claude Perrault for the Louvre Colonnade, included window shapes on the ground level based on Lescot's for the Pavillon du Roi a century earlier, ensuring visual continuity even though the dramatic colonnade on the upper level was different from anything that had been done at the Louvre so far. In the 1810s, Percier and Fontaine copied the giant order of the western section of the Grande Galerie, built in the early 17th century and attributed to Jacques II Androuet du Cerceau, for their design of the northern wing to connect the Tuileries with the Louvre along the rue de Rivoli. In the 1850s during Napoleon III's Louvre expansion, architects Louis Visconti then Hector Lefuel built the Denon and Richelieu pavilions as echoes of Lemercier's Pavillon de l'Horloge. In the 1860s and 1870s, Lefuel used designs inspired by the Lescot Wing even as he replaced the prior giant-order patterns created by Androuet du Cerceau and replicated by Percier and Fontaine. Finally, in the 1980s, I. M. Pei made explicit reference to André Le Nôtre, the designer of the Tuileries Garden, for his design of the Louvre Pyramid.

Paragraph 36: In 2005, Sega partnered with Atmos Tokyo to produce sports-themed iDogs as part of a new line, titled "iDog x Atmos". In 2007, Tiger Electronics released the iDog Amp'd, an upgraded version of the iDog with stereo speakers that nod its head and tap its foot in time with the music being played.  The iDog Pup, a puppy version of the iDog with poseable ears and a moving head, was released in 2007 and was a localized version of the iDog Mini released in Japan in 2005. Also in 2007, two variants called "SpiDogs" were released to promote the film Spider-Man 3. They resemble the standard Spider-Man costume and the Black Suit respectively. In 2008, three new versions of the iDog were released. The iDog Clip is a fully functional mini-sized iDog which can be clipped onto a backpack, the iDog Dance is a larger version of the iDog that stands up and dances in time to the music, it also features 7 touch sensors (like the iCat), and the iDog Soft Speaker, a plush version of the iDog Amp'd that remixes some songs on it and has a pocket where the battery compartment is so you can store things in it. In 2009, as one of the last iDogs released, Hasbro released the iDog Plush Puppy. This smaller plush iDog came in pink and purple and was one of the first iDogs that didn't need batteries. It came with a cord attached to it, like the iDog Clip. But it had the light patterns stitched onto it.

Paragraph 37: CLSM consists of a mixture of Portland cement, water, aggregate and sometimes fly ash. Unlike ordinary concrete, CLSM has much lower strength. The strength of CLSM is less than , while ordinary concrete has strengths exceeding . As a result, CLSM is not suitable for supporting buildings, bridges, or other structures. Instead, it is primarily used as a replacement for compacted backfill. It also flows much better than ordinary concrete, having the consistency of a milkshake. The first known use of CLSM was in 1964. CLSM is typically a ready mix concrete rather than soil cement which is a low strength cement made using local soil, and is similar to a slurry.

Paragraph 38: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 39: Helen James (2004) stated that in the late 17th-century Burmese Restored Toungoo dynasty 'the transfer of power upon the death of a monarch was always a problem, for there were many contenders to the throne owing to the practice of polygamy. The sons of the major queens frequently contested the succession.' Alaungpaya, founder of the new Konbaung dynasty (1752–1885), intended his successors to be appointed by agnatic seniority (from brother to brother), according to James in an attempt 'to avoid the bloodshed that accompanied each transfer of power at the death of a Burmese monarch. It was a vain hope. The directive itself led to bloody succession crises, as some of his sons sought to pass the crown to their sons instead of their brothers, thereby thwarting Alaungpaya's dying wish.' His oldest son Naungdawgyi had to fight a two-year war of succession (1760–1762) to assert his authority. Hsinbyushin's succession was not challenged, but designating his son Singu Min as heir rather than a younger brother bred an imminent succession dispute just before his death. The next king Singu managed to avoid a war of succession by having most of his potential rivals killed or exiled in a timely manner, although Singu's reign was cut short by a princely rebellion in February 1782, in which Phaungkaza Maung Maung seized the throne for seven days before Bodawpaya killed and replaced him. Bodawpaya successfully eliminated all his rivals upon enthronement, and in 1802 ended 'twenty-five years of conflict between lineal and collateral succession' in favour of the former, according to Koenig (1990). Nevertheless, two kings were overthrown by their brothers in coups in 1837 and 1853, and in 1866 the crown prince (the king's brother) was assassinated by two of the king's sons. When the last Burmese king Thibaw Min (r. 1878–1885) began his reign, he had about 80 of his relatives murdered to prevent any challenge to his accession.

Paragraph 40: The governor mentioned here is Nes-Djehuti or Esdhuti who appears as the Chief of the Shamin Libyans in both the aforementioned Year 13 stela of Takelot III and also in the Smaller Dakhla Stela. The smaller Dakla stela dates to Year 24 of the Nubian king Piye. This could mean that Takelot III and Piye were near contemporaries during their respective reigns. It suggested that an important graffito at Wadi Gasus—which apparently links the God's Wife Amenirdis I (hence Shabaka here) to Year 19 of a God's Wife Shepenupet—is a synchronism between a Nubian ruler and an Upper Egyptian Libyan king thereby equating Year 12 of Shabaka to Takelot III (rather than the short-lived Rudamun). This graffito would have been carved prior to Piye's Nubian conquest of Egypt in his 20th Year—by which time both Takelot III and Rudamun had already died. However, new evidence on the Wadi Gasus graffito published by Claus Jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving to the 25th dynastic Nubian period entirely—to Year 12 of Shabaka and Year 19 of Taharqa rather than to the 23rd dynastic Libyan era—and demonstrates that they instead pertain to Amenirdis I and Shepenupet II respectively based on palaegraphic and other evidence collated by Jurman at Karnak rather than the Nubian Amenirdis I and the Libyan Shepenupet I, daughter of Osorkon III. The God's Wife Shepenupet II was Piye's daughter and Taharqa's sister. Jurman notes that no evidence from the innermost sanctuary of the chapel of Osiris Heqadjet at Karnak shows Shepenupet I associated with Piye's daughter, Amenirdis I. The Wadi Gasus graffiti were written in 2 separate handstyles and the year date formulas for '12' and '19' were also written differently which suggests that they are unlikely to have been composed at the same time. This means that the Year 19 date cannot be assigned to Takelot III and likely belongs to the Nubian king Taharqa instead.
Answers: ['8']
Length: 11221
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: passage_retrieval_en
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: The text summarizes the life and struggles of a character named Sipowicz. He works to become a better person with the help of his partner Bobby Simone. He confronts his bigotry and homophobia, and deals with personal tragedies such as the death of his son and wife. He also survives prostate cancer and realizes his mistake in putting an innocent man in prison.
Context: Paragraph 1: CBC had originally decided that none of its rebroadcasters will transition to digital. Also, the CBC had originally planned to not convert any non-originating stations in mandatory markets to digital, which would have forced CBRFT in Calgary and CBXFT-3 in Lethbridge to sign off on the transition date. (Lloydminster, another mandatory market, had no local Radio-Canada transmitter.) On August 16, 2011, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) granted the CBC permission to continue operating 22 repeaters in mandatory markets, including CBRFT and CBXFT-3, in analog until August 31, 2012, by which time the transmitters had to convert to digital or shut down. The remaining transmitters were shut down in 2012.

Paragraph 2: From contemporary reviews, The Washington Post gave the album a mixed review, stating that "even by rap standards, [Schooly D's] work is artless." The review compared the album negatively to other rappers, noting that they "construct complex hip-hop concertos for voice, beat-box and borrowed sounds, Schooly's best-known work is little more than a beat accompanying his foul-mouthed, ill-tempered rants". The review also found that "there's no denying that his harsh communiqués crackle with a mean-streets vitality as fascinating as his confrontational world view is disturbing." Robert Christgau gave the Jive reissue of the album a B, stating "What other rapper would write a rhyme about the night his mother pulled a gun on him—or make it so clear that, just like in West Side Story, he's depraved on account of he's deprived. This doesn't speak too well of white critics, obviously, but it also doesn't take away his raps, his rips, or his muscleman groove." Spin stated that it "can't sustain an album with just reverb and a cowbell. Even if it is killer reverb and a way funky cowbell." The NME placed Saturday Night! – The Album at number 20 on their list of the top albums of 1987. The single "Saturday Night" was also listed at number 28 on their list of Top 50 tracks of the year. David Hinckley of the New York Daily News gave the album a three star rating, stating that "while everything doesn't match [the title track "Saturday Night"]" there's plenty here to establish him as a solid rap citizen." declaring that the artist "may take the most consistently unsparing look at the streets since "The Message".

Paragraph 3: Harry Haywood's 1948 book, Negro Liberation,  was the first major study of the African-American national question written by an African-American Marxist. He argued that the root of the oppression of Blacks was the unsolved agrarian question in the South. He believed that the unfinished bourgeois democratic revolution of Reconstruction had been betrayed in the Hayes-Tilden Compromise of 1877. It abandoned African Americans to plantations as tenant farmers and sharecroppers, faced with the Redeemer governments, the system of Jim Crow laws, and the terror of the Ku Klux Klan and other paramilitary groups. According to Haywood, the rise of imperialism left blacks frozen as "landless, semi-slaves in the South." According to Haywood's autobiography, Paul Robeson subsidized his work on the project by offering $100 a month. It was translated and published in Russian, Polish, German, Czech and Hungarian. It was reprinted in 1976 by Liberator Press, the publishing arm of the October League. Haywood argued that "the position of the book was not new, but a reaffirmation of the revolutionary position developed at the Sixth Comintern Congress in 1928. The heart of this position is that the problem is fundamentally a question of an oppressed nation with full rights of self-determination. It emphasized the revolutionary essence of the struggle for Black equality arising from the fact that the special oppression of Blacks is a main prop of the system of imperialist domination over the entire working class and the masses of exploited American people. Therefore the struggle for Black liberation is a component part of the struggle for proletarian revolution. It is the historic task of the working-class movement, as it advances on the road to socialism, to solve the problem of land and freedom of the Black masses." On the other hand, Haywood went on to write, "What was new in the book was the thorough analysis of the concrete conditions of Black people in the post-war period. I made extensive use of population data; the 1940 census, the 1947 Plantation Count and other sources, in order to show that the present day conditions affirmed the essential correctness of the position we had formulated years before." Because of this and other works, Robert F. Williams called Harry Haywood "one of the modern pioneers in the Black liberation struggle."

Paragraph 4: In 2015 Grant took part in a public debate at the IQ2 stage of The Ethics Centre, with immigration lawyer Pallavi Sinha, Herald Sun columnist Rita Panahi and actor Jack Thompson to argue for or against the topic "Racism is destroying the Australian dream". He told of the impact of colonisation on Indigenous Australians, past and present. He argued that "the Australian Dream" was based upon racism, mentioning his ancestors and others who were forced into institutions and unpaid work. The debate itself was a finalist in the United Nations Association of Australia Media Peace Awards for "its role in stimulating public awareness and understanding".

Paragraph 5: Germain Lesage (Raymond Bouchard), a welfare recipient himself and the new mayor, hatches a plan. The entire village will convince Dr. Lewis to stay. They tap his phone, and pretend to share his likes: cricket, fusion jazz, and all the same foods. Henri Giroux (Benoît Brière), the local banker whose sole job is to cash the townfolks' welfare cheques, leaves small amounts of money for Dr. Lewis to find as small measures to increase Dr. Lewis' happiness about being in town, and attempts to secure a loan through his bank for the bribe. Dr. Lewis likes the beautiful post office worker Ève Beauchemin (Lucie Laurier), but Ève knows he has a girlfriend, Brigitte, in Montreal.

Paragraph 6: Rockford operates a small private investigation service out of his beachside mobile home in Malibu, California.  The trailer was parked in the lot for  Paradise Cove next to a restaurant. To avoid confrontations with the LAPD, he will not take on open police cases. He also refuses to do domestic cases. He specializes instead in cold cases, missing person cases and small-time insurance scams. At one time, in addition to other clients, he worked on a retainer basis for a major insurance company, but the company scrapped the deal when a case went sour, and Rockford lost the annual income. He charges a flat rate of $200 a day plus expenses for each case, which, in a running gag, he seldom actually receives. Over the years he was involved in several cases for which his investigative efforts should have gained him significant bonuses, but he was never able to collect them. He is consistently shown to be short on money, or trying to keep creditors at bay; he typically wears sport coats and low-priced off-the-rack suits and his lone indulgences are an answering machine (the source of another running gag at the beginning of each episode) and the latest gold colored Pontiac Firebird Esprit automobile, traded in each year of the series for the newest model. (Garner did not like the look and handling of the 1979 model, so the 1978 was reused for the final season in 1979–80; this was an apparent use of product placement in the series.) Rockford is an outstanding driver, on several occasions getting out of tricky situations when being followed merely by skillfully maneuvering his vehicle away.

Paragraph 7: Ira Allen was born in Cornwall in the Connecticut Colony (in present-day Litchfield County, Connecticut), the youngest of six sons born to Joseph and Mary Baker Allen. In 1771, Allen went to Vermont (then part of the British colonial Province of New York) with his brother Ethan as a surveyor for the Onion River Land Company. The four Allen brothers established the company in 1772 (dissolved 1785) to purchase lands under the New Hampshire Grants. Ira Allen had an almost central role in the dispute with the Province of New York over conflicting land claims in the region such as by gifting land to men who had committed acts for New Hampshire and by confiscating loyalist property to finance government.

Paragraph 8: The ground, for a strip of about four miles, was covered with black crickets of a large size. I saw some that were about three inches in length, and measuring about three-fourths of an inch in diameter; but the common size were two inches in length and one-half or five-eighths of an inch in diameter; their legs were large in proportion to the size of their bodies. Some were singing on stalks of wild sage; others crawling in every direction. Our teams made great havoc among them; so numerous were they that we crushed them at every step. As soon as one was killed, others of them would alight upon it and devour it.

Paragraph 9: Mehmet proceeds to make things infinitely worse for himself soon after, when he stakes his house and business on a bet, loses and swiftly disappears leaving his wife, Guizin Osman (Ishia Bennison), to face up to the consequences. A then homeless Guzin arrives at Ali and his wife Sue's (Sandy Ratcliff) doorstep with the news that Mehmet had beaten her, and she isn't ever returning to him. Ali and Sue are forced to take Guizin and her three children, Murat, Rayif and Emine (Pelin Ahmet) into their one bedroom apartment. Mehmet returns to Walford in May 1987 and he manages to persuade his long suffering wife to give their marriage another chance. However, his promises to Guizin prove to be hollow as soon after he decides that the barmaid Donna Ludlow (Matilda Ziegler) is to be the next sexual conquest. Donna refuses his advances, but can't resist informing Guizin about his offer and Guizin and Donna nearly fight on New Year's Eve that year. Guizin and Mehmet's marriage is highly turbulent and they are always involved in intense arguments, mainly concerning money and gambling. In 1988 Mehmet and Guzin become partners in Ali's café after Sue gives up working to look after her baby. Mehmet often clashes with his wife about the amount of time he takes off to gamble and the way the café is run. Later in the year Mehmet and Ali run up huge gambling debts to Joanne Francis (Pamela Salem), manageress of Strokes wine bar, and who is also a member of the criminal underworld known as The Firm. Desperate for money the two turn to their café employee, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt), for a loan. He agrees, but charges his employers 10 percent interest and later, when they cannot meet the repayments, he demands a stake in the café. The brothers refuse, but the debt eventually leads to Ali losing the café to Ian the following year.

Paragraph 10: Franck Gaston Henri Sauzée (born 28 October 1965) is a French former professional footballer and manager. He played 39 times for the France national team between 1988 and 1993, scoring nine goals and captaining the team several times. He achieved great success at club level during the same period, winning the 1993 UEFA Champions League Final and three league titles with Marseille. Later in his career he earned great plaudits for his performances for Scottish club Hibernian, whom Sauzée subsequently managed for a short period. Since ending his active involvement in professional football, Sauzée has worked as a football pundit for French television networks.

Paragraph 11: This program started in 1983 and a curriculum was developed for Class I to Class V based on inferences from social, linguistic and mathematical surveys and field tests conducted in field area. The curriculum focused on various aspects of education like child development, language learning, mathematical abilities, etc. and was phased in a sequential manner on a hierarchy derived from a Piagetian framework of development of logical and mathematical abilities. The programme also gave special emphasis on the socio-economic and cultural tradition of learner and the state of the schools. The pilot project was started in 1987 in 7 schools across Shahpura and Harda. This number further increased to 25 in 1989. The programme was formally inducted into a state programme under the District Primary Education Programme DPEP of Rajiv Gandhi Prathamik Shiksha Mission (RGPSM) of Madhya Pradesh in 1995. The learning from the trial was further used to develop RGPSM's Seekhna Sikhana curricular package for primary education. This was then followed by a single primary school curricular package for the entire state which stemmed from the Seekhna Sikhana package and this also helped in the development of a curriculum for the ‘alternative’ primary schools opened by the Madhya Pradesh government under the Education Guarantee Scheme (EGS). One can say that the ultimate objective of Prashika programme was achieved when the Seekhna Sikhana package was adopted in 2001. Thus, the Prashika was the first of Eklavya's programmes to complete the cycle from a micro-level pilot project (1986–92) to a macro-level programme implemented at a block level (1995-2001) that was eventually merged into the government school system (2000–01) at the state level. However the scope of this programme remained confined to the block as this programme was soon closed down by the state government. But that was not the end of Prashika as it laid foundation for two more similar programmes, the first was the establishment of Shiksha Protsahan Kendras (SPKs) in Shahpur block in 1999 and the second was the setting up of the Bhopal Education Resource Centre (BERC) in 2000. SPKs are centres which operate in rural areas especially in the tribal areas to improve the quality of education of first generation learners through activity based learning. This centre is being run by a community appointed facilitator and adopts the principles developed under PRASHIKA for math and language teaching. BERC is a resource centre in an urban setting for primary and pre-primary education. The main goal of BERC is to encourage primary schools to introduce various activities that would develop interest in reading, writing and expression skills in students, through the production of wall newspaper and renovation of their libraries. In the Makhan Nagar block of Narmadapuram a Basic Abilities Programme was started in some middle schools. Teachers participation was the backbone of this programme. In 2004 a new initiative was also started in Indore as part of the teacher development initiative of the Indore Teacher Resource Centre to improve the abilities of primary school teachers in language and mathematics.

Paragraph 12: Kate, Emma, and Michael are siblings shifted from one orphanage to another over their lifetimes. Kate, the eldest, remembers that, ten years ago on Christmas Eve, her mother had made her promise to protect her siblings, and in turn promised the family's reunion. After their rejection by a prospective adoptive mother, the children's current residence (called the Edgar Allan Poe Home for Incorrigible and Hopeless Orphans) sends them to a mansion situated in Cambridge Falls. There, they are introduced to its owner, Dr. Stanislaus Pym, and explore the house. In the basement, a door appears before them, and they discover an emerald-colored book containing no text. When an old photograph is touched to a page of the open book, the children are teleported to the date and location on which the photograph was taken. There, the children observe a witch, titled the Countess, vowing to kill a child every week until the enslaved fathers of the children find what she seeks. The Countess notices the three orphans and calls upon her grotesque henchmen, designated Screechers, to capture them. Kate and Emma escape, but Michael is accidentally left behind. His sisters return to save him, but lose the book (the eponymous 'Emerald Atlas'). In escape, they are hunted by wolves; meet someone named Gabriel; and enter a subterranean maze, where Kate and Michael are captured by Dwarves. There, they discover a fifteen-years-younger Dr. Pym, with whom they recover the Emerald Atlas. Upon finding it, Kate is drawn into an earlier time, where she again meets Dr. Pym, and thence returns to the time she most-recently left. Emma, having tarried with Gabriel to repel the Countess's followers, is shot with a poisonous arrow, but is saved by Gabriel's wisewoman, Granny Peet. Once healed, Emma, backed by the wisewoman, sways the townsfolk into war against the Countess. After their victory, the witch herself remains to be conquered, and holds the imprisoned children on a boat. Kate, now 'chosen' by the Atlas, can travel to any time while in possession of it; but in exchange for the local children's lives, surrenders it. The Countess seizes the book; but is punished by her master, the Dire Magnus, who reveals that Kate and her siblings are the rightful owners of the Atlas and the two other Books of Beginning until, upon the completion of a prophecy, he claims it. After Kate and Dr. Pym rescue the local siblings, she and her siblings return to their own time, where Kate is approached by the Countess. Using the Atlas, Kate drags the Countess into Rhakotis during its conquest by Alexander the Great. In plea, the Countess tells Kate that her mother and father are captives of the Dire Magnus, as bait to lure the siblings into retrieving the Books of Beginning (a trio of volumes enabling command over reality, of which the Atlas is the first) in exchange for their parents’ release. Kate then leaves her in Rhakotis and returns to her own time, where Dr. Pym explains the Books.

Paragraph 13: At 32 years of age, she was named ambassador to the United States by Grenada's Prime Minister Maurice Bishop, whose murder Aug. 12, 1983, set off a bloody power struggle on the island nation that led to the US invasion of Grenada. The Reagan administration refused to accept her credentials as ambassador.  On October 25, 1984, Dessima Williams was arrested by INS agents in Washington while Ronald Reagan was in the White House celebrating the first anniversary of his invasion of the tiny island.  The agents of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service apprehended her as she was leaving a forum on "Peace in the Americas" at Howard University. Of the arrest, Willams said:  "I had just made the keynote address at a conference on Peace in the Caribbean at Howard University. As I left, about six men suddenly approached me. They indicated I was under arrest and that I should get into the car. I had already been pushed against the open door. I was standing there, baffled: "Why have I been arrested and what is this all about?" The men—they were armed—tried to keep people away from me. Then one fellow grabbed me by the neck from behind and the other one pushed his hand in my pelvic area and the other hand on my head, and they crumpled me into the car. All I knew was that there were these aggressive, hostile white males speeding off with me in a civilian car. We eventually arrived at a jail, and a woman matron began to search me. She found some little buttons that said, "Maurice Bishop's Spirit Lives." She said, "They're weapons. They have sharp points." I had a lot of foreign currency from years of travelling. "These are very important documents." I was put in a tiny cell and released on bail in the morning. The charge was that I was living here illegally. In fact, I'd been going back and forth from Grenada for eleven or twelve years."

Paragraph 14: Minh instead arrived to find that the brothers were not in the palace. In anticipation of a coup, they had ordered the construction of three separate tunnels leading from Gia Long to remote areas outside the palace. Around 20:00 on the night of the coup, with only the Presidential Guard to defend them against mutinous infantry and armor units, Diệm and Nhu hurriedly packed American banknotes into a briefcase. They escaped through one of the tunnels with two loyalists: Air Force Lieutenant Ðỗ Thơ, Diệm's aide-de-camp, who happened to be a nephew of Colonel Đỗ Mậu, the director of military security and a participant in the coup plot, and Xuân Vy, head of Nhu's Republican Youth. After the coup, Military Assistance Command, Vietnam General Paul Harkins, inspected the tunnel and noted that it "was so far down that I didn't want to go down to walk up the thing". The brothers emerged in a wooded area in a park near the Cercle Sportif (), the city's upper class sporting club, where they were picked up by a waiting Land Rover. Ellen Hammer disputes the tunnel escape, asserting that the Ngo brothers simply walked out of the building, which was not yet under siege. Hammer asserts that they walked past the tennis courts and left the palace grounds through a small gate at Le Thanh Ton Street and entered the car. The loyalists traveled through narrow back streets in order to evade rebel checkpoints and changed vehicles to a black Citroën sedan. After leaving the palace, Nhu was reported to have suggested to Diệm that the brothers split up, arguing that this would enhance their chances of survival. Nhu proposed that one of them travel to the Mekong Delta to join Cao's IV Corps, while the other would travel to the II Corps of General Nguyễn Khánh in the Central Highlands. Nhu felt the rebel generals would not dare to kill one of them while the other was free, in case the surviving brother were to regain power. According to one account, Diệm was reported to have turned down Nhu, reasoning that "You cannot leave alone. They hate you too much; they will kill you. Stay with me and I will protect you." Another story holds that Diệm said "We have always been together during these last years. How could we separate during these last years? How could we separate in this critical hour?" Nhu agreed to remain with his brother.

Paragraph 15: On his route to becoming a better man, Sipowicz struggles to overcome his bigotry with the help of his partner Bobby Simone, he and Fancy continue to have beefs but always resolve them. He also eventually comes to terms with his homophobia, mainly due to his initially grudging friendship with precinct Police Administrative Assistant John Irvin. With the birth of his second son, Sipowicz's life seems to be going well. However, a series of devastating personal tragedies over the next few years arise: in May 1996, Andy Jr., who is about to start work as a policeman in Hackensack, New Jersey, is shot and killed while trying to stop a robbery. The shooting sends Andy Sr. into an alcoholic relapse, during which Sylvia briefly throws him out of the house. In November 1998, Bobby Simone dies of an infection caused by heart transplant complications, and less than a year later in May 1999, Sylvia is accidentally killed by the distraught father of PAA Dolores Mayo (whose killer she had been prosecuting)  outside the courtroom. This is then followed by the disappearance and subsequent murder of Simone's successor Danny Sorenson during an undercover assignment in 2001. He also survives a serious bout with prostate cancer in 1998. With the exception of Andy Jr.'s death, however, Sipowicz remains sober in the face of all of these tragedies. He also has to deal with the fact that he had been instrumental in putting an innocent black man in prison for 18 years for the murder of a teenager, remembering that he had no experience as a detective and deferred to a lazy veteran cop. He is the only cop to apologize when the man is released (he learns that the perpetrator was a white man who later died of a drug overdose, and while Sipowicz and the now-retired veteran cop basically knew he'd been murdered, the end result of the case was left unresolved).

Paragraph 16: Cogenhoe was involved in the extractive industries.  Digging for iron ore began at Cogenhoe in the late 1850s with opencast quarrying and mines – the latter of which, according to local lore, collapsed one lunchtime while the men were away having their midday meals. The mines were for whatever reason  opened out in about 1868. The quarries continued up the hill towards the Firs.  These quarries were connected to the main London and North Western Railway in the valley by way of narrow gauge and standard gauge private branch-lines. The narrow gauge line was cable worked taking the ore down to a tipping dock on the standard gauge branch.  In about 1870, the operation moved west with a standard gauge line running through what is now the Pocket Park to the Ironstone field south of the Playing Fields. A short narrow gauge branch always worked by hand or horses connected that quarry to the standard gauge branch. The standard gauge line was originally operated by gravity and horses, the loaded wagons coasting down the gradient from the western end of the line to just south of the road near Roe Farm. However steam locomotives were introduced in 1880 or shortly afterwards.

Paragraph 17: The second season received strong reviews, with many critics noting the series's improvement over its first season. At Metacritic, the season received an average review score of 73 out of 100, based on 8 reviews. According to Rotten Tomatoes, the second season holds a 91% approval rating with an average score of 8.32/10, based on 23 reviews; the site's critical consensus said, "Halt and Catch Fire version 2.0 has received some upgrades and improvements, including a welcome focus on its female leads." Sepinwall praised the acting, writing, and directing of season two, and noted that one of his frustrations with the first season, the downplaying of Donna and Cameron, was resolved: "Now it's essentially Halt and Catch Fire 2.0, with all the bugs worked out so that it can function exactly as it first promised." Sepinwall summed up the season's changes by saying, "Those who stayed patient with Halt season 1, or those who come to the show now that the quality has gone up significantly, will be rewarded." Andy Greenwald of Grantland called season two a "hard reboot" that was exponentially better. He praised the emphasis placed on the female leads, Davis's performance, and how it reframed the male leads, while noting that the focus on Mutiny "inject[ed] the show with the jittery, caffeinated energy of a start-up". Willa Paskin of Slate said that the series was able to successfully pivot by shifting focus to a startup setting and to Cameron and Donna, the latter of whom Paskin said "has blossomed into a character with ambitions all her own". Commenting on the season's exploration of issues facing working women, Paskin wrote, "what is so satisfying about its treatment of sexism... is not the extent to which the sexism conforms to our expectations, but that the women involved do not." Emily Nussbaum of The New Yorker called season two "such a startling upgrade of the first that it begs for technological metaphors". She said that the chemistry between Donna and Cameron "is looser, releasing the show from the burdens of its gloomy forerunners", and that the marriage between Gordon and Donna felt nuanced. Nussbaum said the series was best at being "a platform for a fascinating, buried period of history" that provided "oddly profound meditations on the nature of originality in the digital age, nested within relationship talk". James Poniewozik of Time said the show "remade and refocused itself in its second season" by focusing on the Cameron–Donna partnership and that "it now has a compelling subject". Poniewozik said, "true to Moore's Law, it has become magnitudes better."

Paragraph 18: The Dudley Canal and Stourbridge Canal then looked at an extension northwards from Dudley, to join the Birmingham Canal. This would involve a long tunnel, and Lord Dudley and Ward agreed to sell his branch canal and tunnel to the company. The enterprise was authorised by another Act of Parliament, obtained in July 1785, which was steered through the parliamentary process by Lord Dudley and Ward. He was thanked for his efforts, but the company argued that he received sufficient benefit from the convenience of the Dudley Canal and the favourable tolls awarded to him, that payment for his branch canal should not be made, and it never was. The act authorised the company to build five locks to the north of their existing canal, to reach Parkhead, and a long tunnel to link up with Lord Dudley and Ward's Castle Mill Basin. The route was surveyed by John Snape and John Bull, and was checked by Thomas Dadford. He then became the consulting engineer for the project, while Abraham Lees supervised the day-to-day work. In September 1785, the company announced that the tunnel would be  wide, the water would be  deep, and there would be headroom of .

Paragraph 19: Two auctions of sealed games by Heritage in July 2021 broke prior records by significant amounts. A sealed copy of The Legend of Zelda, believed to be one of the first printings of the game according to Heritage Auctions and thus making it one of the rarest copies of the game, was auctioned for . A few days later, a sealed copy of one of the first printings of Super Mario 64, rated 9.8 on Wata's scale, one of only five game copies rated this high, sold at auction for . These sales led to some concern that the market for near-mint vintage games may be grossly inflated, since sealed copies of the first printing Super Mario 64 were not considered as rare as previous record-breaking titles. By comparison, a Super Mario 64 package rated at 9.4 on Wata's scale had sold at auction for only  during the same auction period. While there is an expected exponential increase in perceived value with a higher rated game, the jump between these two examples was considered unusual. Video game historian Frank Cifaldi said "I 100% agree it being a 9.8 puts it at a completely different level but a sudden jump from $30k to $1.5M feels wrong." It is believed that those purchasing these sealed games at high prices are speculative collectors of other types of memorabilia, working on the principles of perceived value established there, rather than from gamers that would place more emphasis on a game title's rarity or other similar factors. The involvement of third parties, such as Wata Games and Heritage Auctions, may have contributed to the inflated value of these games, compared to when this was done between hobbyist collectors. A class action lawsuit was filed against Wata claiming the company has manipulated the collecting market.

Paragraph 20: The ATP Player and Team of the Year awards are presently given to the player and team who end the year as world No. 1 in the ATP rankings. In earlier years, this was not explicitly the case as in 1975, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1982 and 1989 the Players of the Year named by the ATP (listed below) did not have the No. 1 ranking based on the ATP's point system at the end of that particular year.  In those years, the No. 1 ranking was held by Jimmy Connors (1975–78), John McEnroe (1982) and Ivan Lendl (1989). The most successful players in this category are Novak Djokovic in singles, and Bryan brothers in doubles.

Paragraph 21: Developed by Carl Gottfrid Fineman, this instrument consists of a magnetic compass, the case of which is covered with a black mirror, around which is movable a circular metal frame. A little window in this mirror enables the observer to see the tip of the compass needle underneath. On the surface of the mirror are engraved three concentric circles and four diameters; one of the latter passes through the middle of the little window. The mirror constitutes a compass card, its radii corresponding to the cardinal points. On the movable frame surrounding the mirror is fixed a vertical pointer graduated in millimeters, which can be moved up and down by means of a rack and pinion. The whole apparatus is mounted on a tripod stand provided with leveling screws.

Paragraph 22: In 887, a mutiny at Zhenhai's capital Run Prefecture (), led by Zhou's officer Xue Lang, forced Zhou to flee from Run Prefecture to Chang Prefecture (常州, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu) to come under the protection of his officer Ding Congshi () the prefect of Chang Prefecture, while Xue claimed the title of acting military governor.  In response, Qian sent three of the "Eight Corps" commanders, Du Leng (), Ruan Jie (), and Cheng Ji () to attack Xue.  After a victory over Xue's officer Li Junwang (), however, for reasons unclear, Du attacked and captured Chang Prefecture, and Ding fled to Huainan.   Qian had Zhou escorted to Hang Prefecture, where he welcomed Zhou in a grand ceremony fitting the ceremony welcome by a subordinate of a military governor.  Zhou would die at Hang Prefecture soon thereafter.  (The New Book of Tang indicated that Qian killed Zhou, but Sima Guang, the lead author of the Zizhi Tongjian, found the account not credible and did not adopt it.)  Meanwhile, Qian ordered Ruan to attack Run Prefecture, and Ruan captured it.  Xue was taken captive, and Qian had his heart cut out of his body to be sacrificed to Zhou.  Qian also sent his cousin Qian Qiu () to attack Su Prefecture (蘇州, in modern Suzhou, Jiangsu), and Qian Qiu captured it in spring 888, allowing Qian Liu to control most of Zhenhai territory, which he largely held onto from this point on—resisting even an imperial attempt to take control of Su, by a failed assassination attempt against the imperially-commissioned prefect Du Ruxiu (), which caused Du Ruxiu to flee and allowed Qian to retain control.  (Su Prefecture was briefly captured by Sun Ru, one of the contenders for control of Huainan after Gao was killed in a mutiny, in late 891, but Qian soon recaptured it, and entered into a temporary alliance with Sun's rival Yang Xingmi, supplying Yang's army with food.)  Meanwhile, to placate Qian, then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong (Emperor Xizong's brother and successor) created Qian the Baron of Wuxing, and in 892 gave him the title of the defender of a new Wusheng Circuit () with its headquarters at Hang Prefecture, as well as governor (觀察使, Guanchashi) of the Su-Hang region and created him the Marquess of Pengcheng.  In 893, Emperor Zhaozong officially made him the military governor of Zhenhai—now with its headquarters at Hang, as Run and Chang prefectures fell into Yang's control in 892.  In 894, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed on Qian the honorary chancellor title of Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi ().  In spring 895, Emperor Zhaozong created Qian the Duke of Pengcheng.

Paragraph 23: The archival appraisal theory of Schellenberg was a major factor in the American Friends Service Committee, et al. v. William H. Webster, et.al (1983) case, which began in June 1979 as social action organizations, historians, journalists, and others, sued the U.S. government to stop destruction of FBI files challenging an existing "archival appraisal decision" of the National Archives and Records Administration (then called NARS). In 1986, Susan D. Steinwall, then at the Area Research Center at University of Wisconsin–River Falls, wrote that this case not only warns archivists to not rely too much "on the opinions of nonarchivists", like FBI agents, regarding the usefulness of the records of a specific agency, but it calls into question commonly-held archival assumptions. In her article, she describes how the archivists who appraised the FBI records not only relied on Schellenberg's manual, The Appraisal of Modern Public Records, but on FBI reference material and his own experience. Not only did NARS approving disposal requests for the FBI in 1945 and 1946, but it wasn't until 1978 that they reviewed their appraisal decisions of FBI files under "mounting public pressure", and in appraising these records they had relied on the FBI descriptions of their own files, discussing the records they were to dispose with FBI officials before "approving records disposition requests". After bringing in the writings of others in the field of archival appraisal, which was purportedly embryonic in the late 1970s, like Philip C. Brooks, JoAnne Yates, and Maynard Brichford she notes that often Schellenberg is evoked in discussion of appraisal because he provided archivists with vocab to describe documentation's "potential research values." She adds that in his book, The Appraisal of Modern Records, Schellenberg described how "modern public records" have two types of values, one for "immediate use of the originating agency and secondary for later use by other agencies and users", with secondary values considered "evidential or informational", with many larger series of records in the National Archives accessioned for information they "contained regarding matters other than government actions". She ends her article by arguing that this case, often called the "FBI files case", shows that government archivists should reconsider Schellenberg's appraisal philosophy, and notes how some archivists, like Frank Boles and Julia Marks Young, have advocates for not interpreting what Schellenberg says literally, noting that at times, records that have minimal administrative value may have not have, conversely, "minimal value to research."

Paragraph 24: A sad and lonely King (played by Kermit) turns to his Loyal Royal Advisor to find him a fair young maiden to be his queen, someone who is special. The King also tells his Loyal Royal Advisor that he will be given his own castle if he succeeds. All the fairest maidens in the land were brought to the King's castle so that one of them can become queen. Wanting the attention of the King, a miller claims to the Loyal Royal Advisor that his daughter Piggy can spin straw into gold when he brings her to the King's Castle. Piggy is placed in a room full of straw where the Loyal Royal Advisor orders her to demonstrate her gift that her father claims that she has or else she will be spending the rest of her life in the dungeon. She ends up receiving the assistance of Rumpelstiltskin (played by Gonzo) who spins the straw into gold upon Piggy giving him her necklace. The next morning, the Loyal Royal Advisor discovers the golden straw and states that he will keep an eye on the gold that is present while Piggy spins a second batch of straw into gold. When Rumpelstiltskin returns that night and wants a fee to convert the straw into gold, she is forced by fate to give up her firstborn upon becoming queen in return for the desperately needed services of Rumpelstiltskin. The next morning, the King and the Loyal Royal Advisor came in and found the golden straw. The King married Piggy and the Loyal Royal Advisor got his own castle. When Queen Piggy finally had her child, Rumpelstiltskin came in and states that he will let her keep her child if he can guess his name. If she cannot guess his name by tomorrow, then the child will end up in the possession of Rumpelstiltskin. Piggy called the King, the Loyal Royal Advisor, and her father where she told them the whole truth about her having help in converting straw into gold. The King mentioned that he married Piggy because he loved her and not because of her supposed talent. The four of them get to work at guessing Rumpelstiltskin's name. When the deadline is up, Rumpelstiltskin returns to see if Piggy has guessed his name and nearly gave it away. Upon recalling that Rumpelstiltskin went to summer camp Piggy has her father and the Loyal Royal Advisor grab him while stating to the King that "a good mother always sews their child's name in their clothes before sending them off to camp." Piggy finds the label that lists Rumpelstiltskin's name and reads it out loud. Rumpelstiltskin declares it an outrage while Piggy, the King, the Loyal Royal Advisor, and the Miller celebrate.

Paragraph 25: In 1938, Brown married Elizabeth Potter. During the Second World War, he worked for the Office of Strategic Services as a specialist on French culture. His supervisor was Carl Schorske, and his colleagues included Herbert Marcuse and Franz Neumann. His other friends included the historians Christopher Hill and Hayden White as well as the philosopher Stuart Hampshire. At Wesleyan University, he befriended the composer John Cage, an association that proved fruitful to both. Brown became a professor of classics at Wesleyan. During Brown's tenure there, Schorske became a professor of history and the two engaged in a mutually beneficial interdisciplinary discourse.

Paragraph 26: In the 1980s, the company also turned to corporate sponsorship to gain needed national publicity. Stroh was a sponsor of the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee, an event that strengthened Stroh's new national standing considerably. For many years Stroh had received little television exposure because of an agreement between the major networks and Anheuser-Busch and Miller Brewing Company which allowed the two top brewers exclusive advertising rights. Stroh fought the agreement and in 1983 was allotted advertising time on ABC's Monday Night Baseball, on two NBC boxing events, and on other popular U.S. television sports shows. Confronted with nearly prohibitive network costs, the company began "The Stroh Circle of Sports" on cable television and independent stations. The program featured live events with reporting and analysis. For increased publicity opportunities, Stroh also turned to such sports as hockey—which had been overlooked by Anheuser and Miller—and sponsored broadcasts of National Hockey League games on the USA cable network. The company also sponsored the 1984 Dallas Grand Prix, an event considered an important boost for Stroh's international name recognition. "High Rollers", a contest for amateur bowlers, was also developed and sponsored by the company. Stroh's most popular non-sports promotion during this period was the "Schlitz Rocks America" concert series. It also sponsored NASCAR legend Mark Martin in the Winston Cup Series during the 1988 and 1989 seasons. Hall of Fame center Mario Lemieux signed a two-year deal with Stroh's on October 20, 1997, that allowed Lemieux to appear in print ads and in public appearances but allowed him to remain away from television ads. Lemieux's image was also featured on several Stroh's commemorative cans.

Paragraph 27: In Chasing Amy, she meets Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards at a comic book convention in New York where the two men are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic. Holden is attracted to her, but soon learns that she is attracted to women. The two begin hanging out and both of them develop a deep friendship, however, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings and confesses his love to Alyssa. She at first is initially angry with him, but that night, the two begin a romantic relationship. Their new relationship worsens the tension between Holden and Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by her and Holden's relationship. Banky investigates and uncovers Alyssa's past and he tells Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys in high school which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game. During a tearful argument, she admits to Holden about her "many" youthful sexual experimentations and apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with, however, she refuses to apologize for her past actions, and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Inspired by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. Holden invites both of them over to his place and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain as her boyfriend and also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him; kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests that the three of them have a threesome. While Banky agrees to participate, however, Alyssa refuses, explaining to Holden that it will not save their relationship. Before leaving, Alyssa tells Holden that she loves him, but she will not be his whore. One year later, Alyssa is busy promoting her new comic at a convention in New York, where Banky (also promoting his comics in the same convention) gestures Holden to her booth and provides wordless encouragement to talk to her. They have a quiet, emotional conversation and Holden gives her a copy of his new comic "Chasing Amy", which is based on their relationship and tells her goodbye. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's new girlfriend arrives and asks who he was. A shaken, misty-eyed Alyssa replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew". 

Paragraph 28: When Adolf Hitler annexed Austria in 1938, the family decided to leave, first for Italy (of which the Zadar-born Georg and thus the family were legally citizens). For some months in 1938, just after their flight, they lived in Warmond, near The Hague, Netherlands, as the guests of a Dutch banker, Ernest Menten. This episode is described by local historian Miep Smitsloo in her 2007 Dutch book  'Tussen Tol en Trekvaart' ('Between Toll and Canal'). In her account of the flight, Maria von Trapp does not mention this stay. From there they went to London and then to the United States, where they stayed until the expiration of their visas. After touring in Scandinavia, they returned to the United States on 1939-09-07 where they applied for immigrant status. They arrived with very little money, having lost most of the family fortune earlier during a 1935 banking collapse in Austria. Once in the United States they earned money by performing and touring nationally and internationally, first as the "Trapp Family Choir" and then, the "Trapp Family Singers", a change suggested by their booking agent Frederick Christian Schang. After living for a short time in Philadelphia and then Merion, Pennsylvania, where their youngest child Johannes was born, the family settled in Stowe, Vermont, in 1941. They purchased a  farm in 1942 and converted it into the Trapp Family Lodge, initially called "Cor Unum" (Latin for One Heart). After World War II, they founded the Trapp Family Austrian Relief fund, which sent food and clothing to people impoverished in Austria. By now based permanently in the United States, the family performed their unique mixture of liturgical music, madrigals, folk music and instrumentals to audiences in over 30 countries for the next 20 years. They made a series of 78-rpm records for RCA Victor in the 1950s, some of which were later issued on RCA Camden LPs. There were also a few later recordings released on LPs, including some stereo sessions. The family singing group disbanded in 1957.

Paragraph 29: Natalie Craig writing for The Sydney Morning Herald said Toadie was always destined for greatness. She said as a teenager he was a "major ratbag with a major mullet to match", but a genius at the same time. Craig opined many "memorable Toadie moments" occurred when he shared his home. She cited her favourite ever scene as being one in which Toadie, Joel and Lance had a stand-off over the washing up. Toadie was placed at number six on the Huffpost's "35 greatest Neighbours characters of all time" feature. Journalist Adam Beresford described him as an "Aussie everyman" with a "disastrous" love life; adding he is a "prime example" of the joy long-term featured characters give viewers. Beresford described his transformation from "class clown" to lawyer after he "ditched the Hawaiian shirts and the greasy ponytail." The critic concluded that Toadie "earned his place among the Neighbours greats." In 2022, Kate Randall from Heat included Toadie in the magazine's top ten Neighbours characters of all time feature. Randall opined that Toadie had "come a long way" to become a lawyer. She described him as once being a "ratbag with long hair and loud Hawaiian shirts." She added that Toadie and Stonefish "wreaked havoc" on Ramsay Street. Toadie was placed first in a poll ran via soap fansite "Back To The Bay", which asked readers to determine the top ten most popular Neighbours characters. In response the Daily Mirror's Susan Knox assessed that Toadie "has faced endless trials and tribulations". In an Irish Independent feature profiling "the top 12 Neighbours icons", Sheena McGinley titled Toadie as the most iconic. McGinley assessed that "Toadie's been many things — cheeky, caring, seemingly gifted in the bedroom department, a lawyer, and a dad." She continued to list his many stories but noted his comic persona. McGinley concluded that his comedy "is why he's the most multi-faceted, relatable character to ever grace the street." Lorna White from Yours profiled the magazine's "favourite Neighbours characters of all time". Toadie was included in the list and White stated that he had "become a hugely popular character in the series." A reporter from The Scotsman included Toadie and Sonya's wedding day explosion as one of the show's top five moments in its entire history. Toadie and Dee's wedding was placed at number five in a feature compiled for The Guardian, celebrating the show's most memorable moments. Critic Sam Strutt also likened Dee and Toadie's romance to the tale of the Beauty and the Beast.

Paragraph 30: In 1997 they released their debut full-length album Under the Western Freeway through Will, and, with the help of Howe Gelb, signed a UK deal with Big Cat Records – by then a subsidiary of Richard Branson's V2 Records – who reissued the album the following year. The album included the single "A.M. 180", which was featured during a sequence in the 2002 British film 28 Days Later. It was also used for the theme song for the BBC Four television series Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe (9 years later, Screenwipe debuted in 2006), and in an advertisement for Colin Murray's BBC Radio 1 show. "A.M. 180" was also used in television commercials for the Dodge Journey automobile. One of the album's singles, "Summer Here Kids", was rated as "Single of the Week" by popular British music magazine NME, and was also used as the theme music for another Charlie Brooker-fronted show, BBC Radio 4's So Wrong It's Right. The album led to an increase in the band's popularity in Europe, and a main stage performance at the Reading Festival in 1998. The album was only a success in the US when later reissued by V2. With the band busy touring in 1999, their next release was the compilation The Broken Down Comforter Collection.
Answers: ['Paragraph 15']
Length: 8525
Language: en

==================================================
Dataset: passage_retrieval_zh
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: iOS是苹果公司开发的专有移动操作系统，适用于iPhone、iPod touch和iPad等设备。该系统最初于2007年面向iPhone发布，并逐渐扩展至其他苹果设备。苹果公司的官方应用商店App Store上已经有超过220万个iOS应用。根据数据显示，iOS操作系统市场份额约占全球移动操作系统的12.1%，排名仅次于Android系统的88%。苹果公司也于2017年推出了iOS 11操作系统，并于2017年9月20日开始提供下载。
Context: 段落1：用途：用于东方基因收入95来自海外制造石油催化剂、私募大军备战科创板已在研究全部申报企业玻璃着色剂、磁性33亿个小微经济体的融资魔咒材料、钕化合物中药还是保健品？寿仙谷宣传遇坎中间体、化学试剂冲刺科创板研发占比不到7等工业。

段落2：原住民族委员会于8月3日、8月4日（星期四、五）假国家图书馆国际会议厅办理“台湾原住民族政策之回顾与前瞻学术研讨会”，以八大主题为讨论主轴，分别为：“台湾原住民族转型正义与历史正义”、“台湾原住民族法政发展”、“台湾原住民族经济发展”、“原住民族社会福利”、“原住民族教育文化与艺术展演”、“台湾原住民族公共基础建设”、“台湾原住民族土地政策”以及“原住民族人口、原住民族权利指标”，邀集原住民族领域之专家学者、实务界人士以及行政机关代表等共同针对原住民族政策议题进行讨论。

段落3：本书原定三十章：前三章为“中国工业的发展”，“中国无产阶级的形成”，“中国工人的劳动条件”；后十四章为“广东时代极盛期”，“反奉战争”，“第三次全国劳动大会”，“上海罢工期”，“北伐期中两湖职工运动之发展”，“上海三次暴动”，“武汉时代极盛期”，“第四次全国劳动大会”，“国民党叛变后”， “广州暴动”，“大革命失败后的消沉期”，“职工运动的转机”，“第五次全国劳动大会”，“总结”。但中国革命新高潮之日益高涨，使著者不能不立即回国，因此，只得把已写成的定为上卷，先行出版，前三章也只得日后再补。其余定为下卷，将来有暇时再写。

段落4：21 虎丘区 横塘街道 建行新区横塘支行 苏州市滨河路337号星韵商业中心137号铺位建设银行 法定工作日周一至周五08:30-16:20，周六09:30-16:00 0512-68232969 95533 即时制卡

段落5：湘潭县不动产登记中心挂牌成立并颁发首证 湘潭县正式启动“数字湘潭县”地理信息基... 省委督查组督查湘潭县不动产统一登记工作 湘潭县国土资源局：测绘法宣传日“关注测... 全县国土资源工作会议举行 傅国平作重要讲话 国土动态

段落6：武夷山脉横亘闽赣粤边境，山势雄伟险要，是革命老根据地之一。中国共产党曾在这里领导了闽西人民坚持二十多年的武装革命斗争。现在这里设立了许多疗养院，成为劳动人民休养的场所。这是设立在武夷山九曲溪旁的一座疗养院。

段落7：20 世纪 90 年代，沙县为解决农民和城 镇下岗职工就业增收难题， 采取一系列扶持措施， 引导群众走出山 门，把小吃制作的传统工艺优势转化为产业优势，不仅破解了“三 农” 难题， 并以此带动沙县各项事业的发展， 成效显著， 得到中央、 省、市领导及专家们的肯定与支持。

段落8：（图片来源于新浪时尚） 2.演技炸裂的“倔强男孩”很多人不知道张铭恩早在15岁就出道了，2010年首次触电儿童情景剧《疯丫头第二季》。后来凭借《老九门》中帅气机灵的张副官而人气飙升，再从《河神》到《沙海》，他一次次带给我们的都是惊喜。张铭恩并不是“流量小生”，喜欢他的观众大多都是因为他的演技以及出演的角色而关注他，他有作品更有实力。（图片来源于新浪时尚） 张铭恩不怕拍摄《河神》时的酷暑和《沙海》时的严寒，也能抗住剧组通宵达旦的拍摄行程，对他来说这些都再平常不过。他曾说“我觉得每个演员脑海中都有一个资料库，当你在看到一个角

段落9：金河村 红旗村 影壁山村 杉松村 二道沟村 荆家村 寿山村 外粟子沟村 粟子沟村 榆木村 四合村 西北岔村 当石村 新胜村 砍川沟村 双杨树村 四方甸子村 复兴村 李家村 新开河村 向阳村 海浪布村 八道河子村 榆木桥子社区 八道河子社区

段落10：建国前，城乡卫生条件极差，各种疾病猖獗流行。建国后，卫生工作首先抓预防为主。把防治危害严惩的传染病作为卫生工作的中心任务。1950年春，中央卫生部与军委卫生部联合发出指示，开展春季防疫工作，陆续发出开展霍乱、天花、结核等病的防治工作指示、通知。政务院发动秋季种痘运动，防止天花发生和流行，并发动遏止鼠疫发生。组织召开防疫专业会议，研究制订了鼠疫、天花等19种危害严重传染病的防治方案。

段落11：〈本义〉一者，偶也，阴之数也；坤者，顺也，阴之性也；阴之成形，莫大乎地。此卦三画皆偶，故名坤而象地。重之又得坤焉，则是阴之纯顺之至，故其名与象皆不易焉。“牝马顺而健行”者，阳先阴后。阳主义，阴主利，西南阴方，东北阳方，安顺之为也，贞健之守也。遇此卦者，其占为大亨而利，以顺健为正。如有所往，则先迷后得，而主于利。往西南则得朋。往东北则丧朋。大抵能安于正、则“吉”也。

段落12：更多相关问题中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会的主题包括（）。为了解所接旅游团乘火车抵达的准确时间，地陪通常应在火车预定抵达时间前（）与车站问讯处联系。“手纸”在日语中是什么意思下列哪味中药为延胡索不同于美国，中国影响经济波动的一大因素是（）。新兴起的（）控制了东西方陆路交通的咽喉，阻碍了东西方贸易的发

段落13：俞强声,前中华人民共和国第一机械工业部部长黄敬(俞启威)长子,康生养子,在文革中曾任一打三反专案组组长,后任国家安全局北美情报司长。1985年,时任中国国家安全部外事局主任的俞强声抛弃中共, 叛逃到美国。这是中共历史上最严重的四次叛变事件之一,也是四次中最早的一次。由于俞强声的叛逃,导致中国在美国潜伏40余年的间谍金无怠被捕。

段落14：财政司长唐英年在04年预算案中，提出自订车牌号码计划，让市民自选8个英文字母或数目字组成车牌号码，透过公开拍卖竞投。在财经事务及库务局所提出的建议中，笔者最关注的，是计划会否影响现时奖券基金的收入来源和运作。

段落15：用途：用于二季度铁路货物发送量增长8制造石油催化剂、网购刷单乱象屡禁不止为哪般？都是爆款魅力太大玻璃着色剂、磁性国家邮政局未经授权使用智能快件箱材料、钕化合物125万亿资管行业大变局来临中间体、化学试剂1人死亡6人失踪等工业。

段落16：和平是中国人民的永恒期望，是中国发展的鲜明特征。新中国成立以来，中国坚定不移走和平发展道路，在实现自我发展的同时，为世界和平与发展作出了重要贡献。中国始终坚定维护以联合国为核心的国际体系，坚定维护以《联合国宪章》宗旨和原则为基石的国际关系基本准则，同各国一道，坚守多边主义，维护公平正义。

段落17：Cyclone Idai one month on: thousands in Mozambique still cut off from any help and struggling to survive （只有英文版）

段落18：公元一九二年，士夫官僚集团成员曹操带兵镇压青州黄巾军，收得降兵三十余万，他从中挑选精锐，扩充自己的队伍，组成新军“青州兵”。一九六年，曹操借口洛阳残破，把汉献帝接到由他控制的许县，暂定许为汉都。同年，鉴于长期兵荒马乱，人民流亡，土地荒芜，各地粮食和兵源都发生危机，曹操又在许下募民屯田，以后更在其势力范围内的“州郡列置田官，所在积谷，征伐四方，无运粮之劳”（《三国志.魏志.武帝纪》注引《魏书》）。这样，曹操在军事上有了精锐强盛的部队，在政治上“挟天子以令诸侯”，在经济上也有了雄厚的基础，再加上他能够笼络豪强大族和士夫官僚，善于招贤用将，终于统一了北方。这时能够在军事上和他进行较量的，只有刘备和孙权两股割据势力。二零八年，曹操用汉献帝的名义任命自己为相国，以后又封为魏公，进爵魏王，国家大权一手独揽，使东汉帝国名存实亡。公元二二零年，曹操病故，其子曹丕代汉称帝，国号魏。次年，刘备在成都称汉皇帝；又过一年，孙权在江东自称吴王，以后又进称吴皇帝。三国分立对全国来说，似是分裂，对各自地区来说，却是一片较广大地区的统一。这种局面维持了四十多年。二六三年，魏军伐蜀，直逼成都，蜀汉后主刘禅投降，蜀汉亡。二六五年，魏丞相、晋王司马炎废魏元帝曹奂，自立为帝，国号晋。二八零年，晋灭吴，结束了三国鼎立的局面，使中国得到暂时的表面的统一。

段落19：预应力钢绞线、（电力用）镀锌钢绞线及不锈钢绞线，其中预应力钢绞线涂防腐油脂或石蜡后包HDPE后称为无粘结预应力钢绞线(unbonded steel strand)，预应力钢绞线也有镀锌或镀锌铝合金钢丝制成的。

段落20：专题推荐信息：情感频道情感首页婚姻恋爱冷暖人间美文情感故事情感信箱您的位置：首页　>　情感　>　情感信箱　>　正文妻子怀孕老公出轨 小三离家一楼之隔2016-08-18 04:15:19　来源：163女人网　浏览：　评论：　[小 中 大]

段落21：1、出自妫姓，妫满之后，为陈氏所改。相传帝舜当天子之前，帝尧把。两个女儿嫁给了他，让他们在妫汭河边居住，他们的祖孙有留在妫汭河一带的，就是妫姓。周武王灭周后，建立了周朝，便追封前代圣王的后人，找到了帝舜的后裔妫满（为帝舜之子商均的第32代孙）。武王封妫满为陈侯，史称胡公满、陈胡公。据舜重华世系［仅供参考］A［计26代］据池阳《陈氏宗谱》B［计43代］据《永济旅游网-舜裔姓说》，在此之前的传承关系有以下两种说法：

段落22：［摘要］本文在建党百年的重要历史节点上，重新探讨了《关于若干历史问题的决议》《关于建国以来党的若干历史问题的决议》的形成，回顾了两个历史决议起草的关键环节，详细阐述了围绕解决主要问题而展开的决议的丰富内容，认为两个历史决议是中国共产党人肩负民族独立、人民解放和国家富强、人民幸福历史使命，在伟大转折关头作出的，决议的形成准备充分、方法得当，既弄清思想、又团结同志，既解决历史问题、又为解决现实问题提供启示。两个历史决议的形成在中国革命和建设发展过程中发挥了至关重要的作用，持续推动中国革命和建设不断从胜利走向新的更大的胜利。

段落23：芝子猜想这便是面试的题目，她想一想答，“华人说过腹有诗书气自华，还有万般皆下品，惟有读书高，以及士农工商，读书人在社会上排第一位，由此可知，一向注重学识，华人近年在国际上地位跃进，会得读书也很有道理。”

段落24：杨幂（ 1986年9月12日 ），中国著名女演员、电视剧制片人，出生于中国北京，毕业于北京电影学院表演系2005级本科班。2006年因出演《神雕侠侣》中小东邪郭襄而受到观众的关注，杨幂在2009年4月的80后新生代娱乐大明星评选活动中，成为内地新四小花旦（与黄圣依、王珞丹以及刘亦菲）之一，同年又凭借《仙剑奇侠传三》而人气上升。2011年因为在穿越剧《宫》中扮演洛晴川一角而获得了更多的关注。2012年发行了音乐专辑《亲幂关系 Close to Me》，同年成立了杨幂工作室。2013年主演的《小时代》系列电影取得了近18亿的票房。2015年在电影《我是证人》中挑战盲人角色。2016年，主演的《亲爱的翻译官》在湖南卫视播出。2017年，杨幂主演的仙侠剧《三生三世十里桃花》获得颇高关注；同年，她还凭借科幻片《逆时营救》获得休斯顿国际电影节最佳女主角奖。

段落25：《论语》是孔子及其弟子的语录结集，由孔子弟子及再传弟子编写而成，成书于战国前期。 《论语》全书共20篇492章，以语录体为主，叙事体为辅，主要记录孔子及其弟子的言行，较为集中地体现了孔子的政治主张、伦理思想等。现在通行的《论语》是由《鲁论》和《古论》整理形成的版本。

段落26：海属两灌地区廖氏 高祖原定居苏州市阊门廖家巷，清康熙年间，迁江北海州府辖区西南廖沟居住。廖沟今属灌南县。人口分布于汤沟镇汤沟村、金星村、白皂乡白皂村，连三村廖庄、张家店镇大前村等地。自高祖体字辈至今已传11世。

段落27：iOS（原名iPhone OS，自第四个版本改名为iOS）是苹果公司为移动设备所开发的专有移动操作系统，属于类Unix系统，支援装置包括iPhone、iPod touch和iPad。与Android不同的是iOS不支援任何非苹果公司的硬件装置。 系统最初于2007年为iPhone而推出。随后，延展扩展支持至苹果公司其他设备。至2017年1月，苹果公司App Store已含有超过220万个iOS应用。 iOS操作系统目前为全球第二大移动操作系统市占约12.1% ，仅次Android系统的88%。苹果公司于2017年6月5日之2017年苹果全球开发者大会中介绍了iOS 11，正式版已于2017年9月20日开放下载。.

段落28：0 0 1 1629 9287 Home 77 21 10895 14.0 96 800x600 Normal 0 false false false EN-US JA X-NONE /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0cm; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:Calibri;}

段落29：屯门公路（Tuen Mun Road），是九号干线一部分，连接屯门区蓝地及荃湾区柴湾角，包括快速公路段（皇珠路至荃湾路）及市中心段（皇珠路至蓝地交汇处）两个主要部分，连接多条公路包括元朗公路、荃湾路及青山公路（蓝地至荃湾段），亦与青田路、杯渡路、屯兴路、皇珠路等主要道路连接，于市中心段另设两分支纵行街道屯发路（南行）及屯喜路（北行）。

段落30：过去的一年，在上级党委、政府和市委的坚强领导下，在市人大、市政协的监督支持下，市政府深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的十九大精神，紧紧围绕“绿色崛起、富民强市”发展主题，全力克服经济下行、有效投资下滑等困难，经受了脱贫攻坚严峻考验，成功应对防火、防汛、维稳等各种挑战，实现了稳中有进、持续向好的预期目标，为开启新时代绿色崛起新征程奠定了坚实基础。全市地区生产总值在自治区统一调整核算后，实现147.5亿元、增长1.2%，总量在呼伦贝尔市由第四位升至第三位；一般公共财政预算收入完成5.03亿元，按可比口径增长7.5%；固定资产投资完成106.2亿元，下降18.5%；社会消费品零售总额实现72.2亿元，增长7.5%；城镇居民人均可支配收入达到31625元，增长8.1%；农村居民人均可支配收入达到15418元，增长8.5%。谋划实施85个重点项目，完成投资51.76亿元，其中23个列入呼伦贝尔市级重点项目，完成年度投资任务的100.8%，稳居呼伦贝尔市前列。金融机构贷款余额205.49亿元、增长1.41%，存款余额130.08亿元、增长11.7%，金融服务地方发展能力不断增强。非公经济增加值完成115亿元，占地区生产总值比重达到60%以上，税收对财政的贡献率达到85%以上。
Answers: ['段落27']
Length: 6478
Language: zh

==================================================
Dataset: lcc
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: 
Context: using System;
using System.Collections;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using Server.Commands;
using Server.Engines.PartySystem;
using Server.Factions;
using Server.Gumps;
using Server.Items;
using Server.Mobiles;
using Server.Network;
using Server.Spells;
using Server.Spells.Bushido;
using Server.Spells.Chivalry;
using Server.Spells.Necromancy;
using Server.Spells.Ninjitsu;
using Server.Spells.Seventh;
using Server.Spells.Spellweaving;
namespace Server.Engines.ConPVP
{
    public delegate void CountdownCallback( int count );
	public class DuelContext
	{
		private Mobile m_Initiator;
		private ArrayList m_Participants;
		private Ruleset m_Ruleset;
		private Arena m_Arena;
		private bool m_Registered = true;
		private bool m_Finished, m_Started;
		private bool m_ReadyWait;
		private int m_ReadyCount;
		private bool m_Rematch;
		public bool Rematch{ get{ return m_Rematch; } }
		public bool ReadyWait{ get{ return m_ReadyWait; } }
		public int ReadyCount{ get{ return m_ReadyCount; } }
		public bool Registered{ get{ return m_Registered; } }
		public bool Finished{ get{ return m_Finished; } }
		public bool Started{ get{ return m_Started; } }
		public Mobile Initiator{ get{ return m_Initiator; } }
		public ArrayList Participants{ get{ return m_Participants; } }
		public Ruleset Ruleset{ get{ return m_Ruleset; } }
		public Arena Arena{ get{ return m_Arena; } }
		private bool CantDoAnything( Mobile mob )
		{
			if ( m_EventGame != null )
				return m_EventGame.CantDoAnything( mob );
			else
				return false;
		}
		public static bool IsFreeConsume( Mobile mob )
		{
			PlayerMobile pm = mob as PlayerMobile;
			if ( pm == null || pm.DuelContext == null || pm.DuelContext.m_EventGame == null )
				return false;
			return pm.DuelContext.m_EventGame.FreeConsume;
		}
		public void DelayBounce( TimeSpan ts, Mobile mob, Container corpse )
		{
			Timer.DelayCall( ts, new TimerStateCallback( DelayBounce_Callback ), new object[]{ mob, corpse } );
		}
		public static bool AllowSpecialMove( Mobile from, string name, SpecialMove move )
		{
			PlayerMobile pm = from as PlayerMobile;
			if( pm == null )
				return true;
			DuelContext dc = pm.DuelContext;
			return (dc == null || dc.InstAllowSpecialMove( from, name, move ));
		}
		public bool InstAllowSpecialMove( Mobile from, string name, SpecialMove move )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( CantDoAnything( from ) )
				return false;
			string title = null;
			if( move is NinjaMove )
				title = "Bushido";
			else if( move is SamuraiMove )
				title = "Ninjitsu";
			if ( title == null || name == null || m_Ruleset.GetOption( title, name ) )
				return true;
			from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from using this move." );
			return false;
		}
		public bool AllowSpellCast( Mobile from, Spell spell )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( CantDoAnything( from ) )
				return false;
			if ( spell is Server.Spells.Fourth.RecallSpell )
				from.SendMessage( "You may not cast this spell." );
			string title = null, option = null;
			if( spell is ArcanistSpell )
			{
				title = "Spellweaving";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else if ( spell is PaladinSpell )
			{
				title = "Chivalry";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else if ( spell is NecromancerSpell )
			{
				title = "Necromancy";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else if ( spell is NinjaSpell )
			{
				title = "Ninjitsu";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else if ( spell is SamuraiSpell )
			{
				title = "Bushido";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else if( spell is MagerySpell )
			{
				switch( ((MagerySpell)spell).Circle )
				{
					case SpellCircle.First: title = "1st Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Second: title = "2nd Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Third: title = "3rd Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Fourth: title = "4th Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Fifth: title = "5th Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Sixth: title = "6th Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Seventh: title = "7th Circle"; break;
					case SpellCircle.Eighth: title = "8th Circle"; break;
				}
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			else
			{
				title = "Other Spell";
				option = spell.Name;
			}
			if ( title == null || option == null || m_Ruleset.GetOption( title, option ) )
				return true;
			from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from casting this spell." );
			return false;
		}
		public bool AllowItemEquip( Mobile from, Item item )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( item is Dagger || CheckItemEquip( from, item ) )
				return true;
			from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from equiping this item." );
			return false;
		}
		public static bool AllowSpecialAbility( Mobile from, string name, bool message )
		{
			PlayerMobile pm = from as PlayerMobile;
			if ( pm == null )
				return true;
			DuelContext dc = pm.DuelContext;
			return ( dc == null || dc.InstAllowSpecialAbility( from, name, message ) );
		}
		public bool InstAllowSpecialAbility( Mobile from, string name, bool message )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( CantDoAnything( from ) )
				return false;
			if ( m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Combat Abilities", name ) )
				return true;
			if ( message )
				from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from using this combat ability." );
			return false;
		}
		public bool CheckItemEquip( Mobile from, Item item )
		{
			if ( item is Fists )
			{
				if ( !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Wrestling" ) )
					return false;
			}
			else if ( item is BaseArmor )
			{
				BaseArmor armor = (BaseArmor)item;
				if ( armor.ProtectionLevel > ArmorProtectionLevel.Regular && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Armor", "Magical" ) )
					return false;
				if ( !Core.AOS && armor.Resource != armor.DefaultResource && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Armor", "Colored" ) )
					return false;
				if ( armor is BaseShield && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Armor", "Shields" ) )
					return false;
			}
			else if ( item is BaseWeapon )
			{
				BaseWeapon weapon = (BaseWeapon)item;
				if ( (weapon.DamageLevel > WeaponDamageLevel.Regular || weapon.AccuracyLevel > WeaponAccuracyLevel.Regular) && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Magical" ) )
					return false;
				if ( !Core.AOS && weapon.Resource != CraftResource.Iron && weapon.Resource != CraftResource.None && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Runics" ) )
					return false;
				if ( weapon is BaseRanged && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Ranged" ) )
					return false;
				if ( !(weapon is BaseRanged) && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Melee" ) )
					return false;
				if ( weapon.PoisonCharges > 0 && weapon.Poison != null && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Weapons", "Poisoned" ) )
					return false;
				if ( weapon is BaseWand && !m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Items", "Wands" ) )
					return false;
			}
			return true;
		}
		public bool AllowSkillUse( Mobile from, SkillName skill )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( CantDoAnything( from ) )
				return false;
			int id = (int)skill;
			if ( id >= 0 && id < SkillInfo.Table.Length )
			{
				if ( m_Ruleset.GetOption( "Skills", SkillInfo.Table[id].Name ) )
					return true;
			}
			from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from using this skill." );
			return false;
		}
		public bool AllowItemUse( Mobile from, Item item )
		{
			if ( !m_StartedBeginCountdown )
				return true;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( from );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return true;
			if ( !(item is BaseRefreshPotion) )
			{
				if ( CantDoAnything( from ) )
					return false;
			}
			string title = null, option = null;
			if ( item is BasePotion )
			{
				title = "Potions";
				if ( item is BaseAgilityPotion )
					option = "Agility";
				else if ( item is BaseCurePotion )
					option = "Cure";
				else if ( item is BaseHealPotion )
					option = "Heal";
				else if ( item is NightSightPotion )
					option = "Nightsight";
				else if ( item is BasePoisonPotion )
					option = "Poison";
				else if ( item is BaseStrengthPotion )
					option = "Strength";
				else if ( item is BaseExplosionPotion )
					option = "Explosion";
				else if ( item is BaseRefreshPotion )
					option = "Refresh";
			}
			else if ( item is Bandage )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Bandages";
			}
			else if ( item is TrapableContainer )
			{
				if ( ((TrapableContainer)item).TrapType != TrapType.None )
				{
					title = "Items";
					option = "Trapped Containers";
				}
			}
			else if ( item is Bola )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Bolas";
			}
			else if ( item is OrangePetals )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Orange Petals";
			}
			else if ( item is EtherealMount || item.Layer == Layer.Mount )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Mounts";
			}
			else if ( item is LeatherNinjaBelt )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Shurikens";
			}
			else if ( item is Fukiya )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Fukiya Darts";
			}
			else if ( item is FireHorn )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Fire Horns";
			}
			else if ( item is BaseWand )
			{
				title = "Items";
				option = "Wands";
			}
			if ( title != null && option != null && m_StartedBeginCountdown && !m_Started )
			{
				from.SendMessage( "You may not use this item before the duel begins." );
				return false;
			}
			else if ( item is BasePotion && !(item is BaseExplosionPotion) && !(item is BaseRefreshPotion) && IsSuddenDeath )
			{
				from.SendMessage( 0x22, "You may not drink potions in sudden death." );
				return false;
			}
			else if ( item is Bandage && IsSuddenDeath )
			{
				from.SendMessage( 0x22, "You may not use bandages in sudden death." );
				return false;
			}
			if ( title == null || option == null || m_Ruleset.GetOption( title, option ) )
				return true;
			from.SendMessage( "The dueling ruleset prevents you from using this item." );
			return false;
		}
		private void DelayBounce_Callback( object state )
		{
			object[] states = (object[])state;
			Mobile mob = (Mobile) states[0];
			Container corpse = (Container) states[1];
			RemoveAggressions( mob );
			SendOutside( mob );
			Refresh( mob, corpse );
			Debuff( mob );
			CancelSpell( mob );
			mob.Frozen = false;
		}
		public void OnMapChanged( Mobile mob )
		{
			OnLocationChanged( mob );
		}
		public void OnLocationChanged( Mobile mob )
		{
			if ( !m_Registered || !m_StartedBeginCountdown || m_Finished )
				return;
			Arena arena = m_Arena;
			if ( arena == null )
				return;
			if ( mob.Map == arena.Facet && arena.Bounds.Contains( mob.Location ) )
				return;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( mob );
			if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
				return;
			if ( mob.Map == Map.Internal ) {
				// they've logged out
				if ( mob.LogoutMap == arena.Facet && arena.Bounds.Contains( mob.LogoutLocation ) ) {
					// they logged out inside the arena.. set them to eject on login
					mob.LogoutLocation = arena.Outside;
				}
			}
			pl.Eliminated = true;
			mob.LocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, "You have forfeited your position in the duel." );
			mob.NonlocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, String.Format( "{0} has forfeited by leaving the dueling arena.", mob.Name ) );
			Participant winner = CheckCompletion();
			if ( winner != null )
				Finish( winner );
		}
		private bool m_Yielding;
		public void OnDeath( Mobile mob, Container corpse )
		{
			if ( !m_Registered || !m_Started )
				return;
			DuelPlayer pl = Find( mob );
			if ( pl != null && !pl.Eliminated )
			{
				if ( m_EventGame != null && !m_EventGame.OnDeath( mob, corpse ) )
					return;
				pl.Eliminated = true;
				if ( mob.Poison != null )
					mob.Poison = null;
				Requip( mob, corpse );
				DelayBounce( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 4.0 ), mob, corpse );
				Participant winner = CheckCompletion();
				if ( winner != null )
				{
					Finish( winner );
				}
				else if ( !m_Yielding )
				{
					mob.LocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, "You have been defeated." );
					mob.NonlocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, String.Format( "{0} has been defeated.", mob.Name ) );
				}
			}
		}
		public bool CheckFull()
		{
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				if ( p.HasOpenSlot )
					return false;
			}
			return true;
		}
		public void Requip( Mobile from, Container cont )
		{
			Corpse corpse = cont as Corpse;
			if ( corpse == null )
				return;
			List<Item> items = new List<Item>( corpse.Items );
			bool gathered = false;
			bool didntFit = false;
			Container pack = from.Backpack;
			for ( int i = 0; !didntFit && i < items.Count; ++i )
			{
				Item item = items[i];
				Point3D loc = item.Location;
				if ( (item.Layer == Layer.Hair || item.Layer == Layer.FacialHair) || !item.Movable )
					continue;
				if ( pack != null )
				{
					pack.DropItem( item );
					gathered = true;
				}
				else
				{
					didntFit = true;
				}
			}
			corpse.Carved = true;
			if ( corpse.ItemID == 0x2006 )
			{
				corpse.ProcessDelta();
				corpse.SendRemovePacket();
				corpse.ItemID = Utility.Random( 0xECA, 9 ); // bone graphic
				corpse.Hue = 0;
				corpse.ProcessDelta();
				Mobile killer = from.FindMostRecentDamager( false );
				if ( killer != null && killer.Player )
					killer.AddToBackpack( new Head( m_Tournament == null ? HeadType.Duel : HeadType.Tournament, from.Name ) );
			}
			from.PlaySound( 0x3E3 );
			if ( gathered && !didntFit )
				from.SendLocalizedMessage( 1062471 ); // You quickly gather all of your belongings.
			else if ( gathered && didntFit )
				from.SendLocalizedMessage( 1062472 ); // You gather some of your belongings. The rest remain on the corpse.
		}
		public void Refresh( Mobile mob, Container cont )
		{
			if ( !mob.Alive )
			{
				mob.Resurrect();
				DeathRobe robe = mob.FindItemOnLayer( Layer.OuterTorso ) as DeathRobe;
				if ( robe != null )
					robe.Delete();
				if ( cont is Corpse )
				{
					Corpse corpse = (Corpse) cont;
					for ( int i = 0; i < corpse.EquipItems.Count; ++i )
					{
						Item item = corpse.EquipItems[i];
						if ( item.Movable && item.Layer != Layer.Hair && item.Layer != Layer.FacialHair && item.IsChildOf( mob.Backpack ) )
							mob.EquipItem( item );
					}
				}
			}
			mob.Hits = mob.HitsMax;
			mob.Stam = mob.StamMax;
			mob.Mana = mob.ManaMax;
			mob.Poison = null;
		}
		public void SendOutside( Mobile mob )
		{
			if ( m_Arena == null )
				return;
			mob.Combatant = null;
			mob.MoveToWorld( m_Arena.Outside, m_Arena.Facet );
		}
		private Point3D m_GatePoint;
		private Map m_GateFacet;
		public void Finish( Participant winner )
		{
			if ( m_Finished )
				return;
			EndAutoTie();
			StopSDTimers();
			m_Finished = true;
			for ( int i = 0; i < winner.Players.Length; ++i )
			{
				DuelPlayer pl = winner.Players[i];
				if ( pl != null && !pl.Eliminated )
					DelayBounce( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 8.0 ), pl.Mobile, null );
			}
			winner.Broadcast( 0x59, null, winner.Players.Length == 1 ? "{0} has won the duel." : "{0} and {1} team have won the duel.", winner.Players.Length == 1 ? "You have won the duel." : "Your team has won the duel." );
			if ( m_Tournament != null && winner.TournyPart != null )
			{
				m_Match.Winner = winner.TournyPart;
				winner.TournyPart.WonMatch( m_Match );
				m_Tournament.HandleWon( m_Arena, m_Match, winner.TournyPart );
			}
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant loser = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				if ( loser != winner )
				{
					loser.Broadcast( 0x22, null, loser.Players.Length == 1 ? "{0} has lost the duel." : "{0} and {1} team have lost the duel.", loser.Players.Length == 1 ? "You have lost the duel." : "Your team has lost the duel." );
					if ( m_Tournament != null && loser.TournyPart != null )
						loser.TournyPart.LostMatch( m_Match );
				}
				for ( int j = 0; j < loser.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					if ( loser.Players[j] != null )
					{
						RemoveAggressions( loser.Players[j].Mobile );
						loser.Players[j].Mobile.Delta( MobileDelta.Noto );
						loser.Players[j].Mobile.CloseGump( typeof( BeginGump ) );
						if ( m_Tournament != null )
							loser.Players[j].Mobile.SendEverything();
					}
				}
			}
			if ( IsOneVsOne )
			{
				DuelPlayer dp1 = ((Participant)m_Participants[0]).Players[0];
				DuelPlayer dp2 = ((Participant)m_Participants[1]).Players[0];
				if ( dp1 != null && dp2 != null )
				{
					Award( dp1.Mobile, dp2.Mobile, dp1.Participant == winner );
					Award( dp2.Mobile, dp1.Mobile, dp2.Participant == winner );
				}
			}
			if ( m_EventGame != null )
				m_EventGame.OnStop();
			Timer.DelayCall( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 9.0 ), new TimerCallback( UnregisterRematch ) );
		}
		public void Award( Mobile us, Mobile them, bool won )
		{
			Ladder ladder = ( m_Arena == null ? Ladder.Instance : m_Arena.AcquireLadder() );
			if ( ladder == null )
				return;
			LadderEntry ourEntry = ladder.Find( us );
			LadderEntry theirEntry = ladder.Find( them );
			if ( ourEntry == null || theirEntry == null )
				return;
			int xpGain = Ladder.GetExperienceGain( ourEntry, theirEntry, won );
			if ( xpGain == 0 )
				return;
			if ( m_Tournament != null )
				xpGain *= ( xpGain > 0 ? 5 : 2 );
			if ( won )
				++ourEntry.Wins;
			else
				++ourEntry.Losses;
			int oldLevel = Ladder.GetLevel( ourEntry.Experience );
			ourEntry.Experience += xpGain;
			if ( ourEntry.Experience < 0 )
				ourEntry.Experience = 0;
			ladder.UpdateEntry( ourEntry );
			int newLevel = Ladder.GetLevel( ourEntry.Experience );
			if ( newLevel > oldLevel )
				us.SendMessage( 0x59, "You have achieved level {0}!", newLevel );
			else if ( newLevel < oldLevel )
				us.SendMessage( 0x22, "You have lost a level. You are now at {0}.", newLevel );
		}
		public void UnregisterRematch()
		{
			Unregister(true);
		}
		public void Unregister()
		{
			Unregister(false);
		}
		public void Unregister( bool queryRematch )
		{
			DestroyWall();
			if ( !m_Registered )
				return;
			m_Registered = false;
			if ( m_Arena != null )
				m_Arena.Evict();
			StopSDTimers();
			Type[] types = new Type[]{ typeof( BeginGump ), typeof( DuelContextGump ), typeof( ParticipantGump ), typeof( PickRulesetGump ), typeof( ReadyGump ), typeof( ReadyUpGump ), typeof( RulesetGump ) };
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				for ( int j = 0; j < p.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					DuelPlayer pl = (DuelPlayer)p.Players[j];
					if ( pl == null )
						continue;
					if ( pl.Mobile is PlayerMobile )
						((PlayerMobile)pl.Mobile).DuelPlayer = null;
					for ( int k = 0; k < types.Length; ++k )
						pl.Mobile.CloseGump( types[k] );
				}
			}
			if ( queryRematch && m_Tournament == null )
				QueryRematch();
		}
		public void QueryRematch()
		{
			DuelContext dc = new DuelContext( m_Initiator, m_Ruleset.Layout, false );
			dc.m_Ruleset = m_Ruleset;
			dc.m_Rematch = true;
			dc.m_Participants.Clear();
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant oldPart = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				Participant newPart = new Participant( dc, oldPart.Players.Length );
				for ( int j = 0; j < oldPart.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					DuelPlayer oldPlayer = oldPart.Players[j];
					if ( oldPlayer != null )
						newPart.Players[j] = new DuelPlayer( oldPlayer.Mobile, newPart );
				}
				dc.m_Participants.Add( newPart );
			}
			dc.CloseAllGumps();
			dc.SendReadyUpGump();
		}
		public DuelPlayer Find( Mobile mob )
		{
			if ( mob is PlayerMobile )
			{
				PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile)mob;
				if ( pm.DuelContext == this )
					return pm.DuelPlayer;
				return null;
			}
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				DuelPlayer pl = p.Find( mob );
				if ( pl != null )
					return pl;
			}
			return null;
		}
		public bool IsAlly( Mobile m1, Mobile m2 )
		{
			DuelPlayer pl1 = Find( m1 );
			DuelPlayer pl2 = Find( m2 );
			return ( pl1 != null && pl2 != null && pl1.Participant == pl2.Participant );
		}
		public Participant CheckCompletion()
		{
			Participant winner = null;
			bool hasWinner = false;
			int eliminated = 0;
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				if ( p.Eliminated )
				{
					++eliminated;
					if ( eliminated == (m_Participants.Count - 1) )
						hasWinner = true;
				}
				else
				{
					winner = p;
				}
			}
			if ( hasWinner )
				return winner == null ? (Participant) m_Participants[0] : winner;
			return null;
		}
		private Timer m_Countdown;
		public void StartCountdown( int count, CountdownCallback cb )
		{
			cb(count);
			m_Countdown=Timer.DelayCall( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 1.0 ), TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 1.0 ), count, new TimerStateCallback( Countdown_Callback ), new object[]{ count-1, cb } );
		}
		public void StopCountdown()
		{
			if ( m_Countdown != null )
				m_Countdown.Stop();
			m_Countdown = null;
		}
		private void Countdown_Callback( object state )
		{
			object[] states = (object[])state;
			int count = (int)states[0];
			CountdownCallback cb = (CountdownCallback)states[1];
			if ( count==0 )
			{
				if ( m_Countdown != null )
					m_Countdown.Stop();
				m_Countdown=null;
			}
			cb( count );
			states[0] = count - 1;
		}
		private Timer m_AutoTieTimer;
		private bool m_Tied;
		public bool Tied{ get{ return m_Tied; } }
		private bool m_IsSuddenDeath;
		public bool IsSuddenDeath{ get{ return m_IsSuddenDeath; } set{ m_IsSuddenDeath = value; } }
		private Timer m_SDWarnTimer, m_SDActivateTimer;
		public void StopSDTimers()
		{
			if ( m_SDWarnTimer != null )
				m_SDWarnTimer.Stop();
			m_SDWarnTimer = null;
			if ( m_SDActivateTimer != null )
				m_SDActivateTimer.Stop();
			m_SDActivateTimer = null;
		}
		public void StartSuddenDeath( TimeSpan timeUntilActive )
		{
			if ( m_SDWarnTimer != null )
				m_SDWarnTimer.Stop();
			m_SDWarnTimer = Timer.DelayCall( TimeSpan.FromMinutes( timeUntilActive.TotalMinutes * 0.9 ), new TimerCallback( WarnSuddenDeath ) );
			if ( m_SDActivateTimer != null )
				m_SDActivateTimer.Stop();
			m_SDActivateTimer = Timer.DelayCall( timeUntilActive, new TimerCallback( ActivateSuddenDeath ) );
		}
		public void WarnSuddenDeath()
		{
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				for ( int j = 0; j < p.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					DuelPlayer pl = p.Players[j];
					if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
						continue;
					pl.Mobile.SendSound( 0x1E1 );
					pl.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "Warning! Warning! Warning!" );
					pl.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "Sudden death will be active soon!" );
				}
			}
			if ( m_Tournament != null )
				m_Tournament.Alert( m_Arena, "Sudden death will be active soon!" );
			if ( m_SDWarnTimer != null )
				m_SDWarnTimer.Stop();
			m_SDWarnTimer = null;
		}
		public static bool CheckSuddenDeath( Mobile mob )
		{
			if ( mob is PlayerMobile )
			{
				PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile)mob;
				if ( pm.DuelPlayer != null && !pm.DuelPlayer.Eliminated && pm.DuelContext != null && pm.DuelContext.IsSuddenDeath )
					return true;
			}
			return false;
		}
		public void ActivateSuddenDeath()
		{
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				for ( int j = 0; j < p.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					DuelPlayer pl = p.Players[j];
					if ( pl == null || pl.Eliminated )
						continue;
					pl.Mobile.SendSound( 0x1E1 );
					pl.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "Warning! Warning! Warning!" );
					pl.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "Sudden death has ACTIVATED. You are now unable to perform any beneficial actions." );
				}
			}
			if ( m_Tournament != null )
				m_Tournament.Alert( m_Arena, "Sudden death has been activated!" );
			m_IsSuddenDeath = true;
			if ( m_SDActivateTimer != null )
				m_SDActivateTimer.Stop();
			m_SDActivateTimer = null;
		}
		public void BeginAutoTie()
		{
			if ( m_AutoTieTimer != null )
				m_AutoTieTimer.Stop();
			TimeSpan ts = ( m_Tournament == null || m_Tournament.TournyType == TournyType.Standard )
				? AutoTieDelay
				: TimeSpan.FromMinutes( 90.0 );
			m_AutoTieTimer = Timer.DelayCall( ts, new TimerCallback( InvokeAutoTie ) );
		}
		public void EndAutoTie()
		{
			if ( m_AutoTieTimer != null )
				m_AutoTieTimer.Stop();
			m_AutoTieTimer = null;
		}
		public void InvokeAutoTie()
		{
			m_AutoTieTimer = null;
			if ( !m_Started || m_Finished )
				return;
			m_Tied = true;
			m_Finished = true;
			StopSDTimers();
			ArrayList remaining = new ArrayList();
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{
				Participant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];
				if ( p.Eliminated )
				{
					p.Broadcast( 0x22, null, p.Players.Length == 1 ? "{0} has lost the duel." : "{0} and {1} team have lost the duel.", p.Players.Length == 1 ? "You have lost the duel." : "Your team has lost the duel." );
				}
				else
				{
					p.Broadcast( 0x59, null, p.Players.Length == 1 ? "{0} has tied the duel due to time expiration." : "{0} and {1} team have tied the duel due to time expiration.", p.Players.Length == 1 ? "You have tied the duel due to time expiration." : "Your team has tied the duel due to time expiration." );
					for ( int j = 0; j < p.Players.Length; ++j )
					{
						DuelPlayer pl = p.Players[j];
						if ( pl != null && !pl.Eliminated )
							DelayBounce( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 8.0 ), pl.Mobile, null );
					}
					if ( p.TournyPart != null )
						remaining.Add( p.TournyPart );
				}
				for ( int j = 0; j < p.Players.Length; ++j )
				{
					DuelPlayer pl = p.Players[j];
					if ( pl != null )
					{
						pl.Mobile.Delta( MobileDelta.Noto );
						pl.Mobile.SendEverything();
					}
				}
			}
			if ( m_Tournament != null )
				m_Tournament.HandleTie( m_Arena, m_Match, remaining );
			Timer.DelayCall( TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 10.0 ), new TimerCallback( Unregister ) );
		}
		public bool IsOneVsOne
		{
			get
			{
				if ( m_Participants.Count != 2 )
					return false;
				if ( ((Participant)m_Participants[0]).Players.Length != 1 )
					return false;
				if ( ((Participant)m_Participants[1]).Players.Length != 1 )
					return false;
				return true;
			}
		}
		public static void Initialize()
		{
			EventSink.Speech += new SpeechEventHandler( EventSink_Speech );
			EventSink.Login += new LoginEventHandler( EventSink_Login );
			CommandSystem.Register( "vli", AccessLevel.GameMaster, new CommandEventHandler( vli_oc ) );
		}
		private static void vli_oc( CommandEventArgs e )
		{
			e.Mobile.BeginTarget( -1, false, Targeting.TargetFlags.None, new TargetCallback( vli_ot ) );
		}
		private static void vli_ot( Mobile from, object obj )
		{
			if ( obj is PlayerMobile )
			{
				PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile)obj;
				Ladder ladder = Ladder.Instance;
				if ( ladder == null )
					return;
				LadderEntry entry = ladder.Find( pm );
				if ( entry != null )
					from.SendGump( new PropertiesGump( from, entry ) );
			}
		}
		private static TimeSpan CombatDelay = TimeSpan.FromSeconds( 30.0 );
		private static TimeSpan AutoTieDelay = TimeSpan.FromMinutes( 15.0 );
		public static bool CheckCombat( Mobile m )
		{
			for ( int i = 0; i < m.Aggressed.Count; ++i )
			{
				AggressorInfo info = m.Aggressed[i];
				if ( info.Defender.Player && (DateTime.UtcNow - info.LastCombatTime) < CombatDelay )
					return true;
			}
			for ( int i = 0; i < m.Aggressors.Count; ++i )
			{
				AggressorInfo info = m.Aggressors[i];
				if ( info.Attacker.Player && (DateTime.UtcNow - info.LastCombatTime) < CombatDelay )
					return true;
			}
			return false;
		}
		private static void EventSink_Login( LoginEventArgs e )
		{
			PlayerMobile pm = e.Mobile as PlayerMobile;
			if ( pm == null )
				return;
			DuelContext dc = pm.DuelContext;
			if ( dc == null )
				return;
			if ( dc.ReadyWait && pm.DuelPlayer.Ready && !dc.Started && !dc.StartedBeginCountdown && !dc.Finished )
			{
				if ( dc.m_Tournament == null )
					pm.SendGump( new ReadyGump( pm, dc, dc.m_ReadyCount ) );
			}
			else if ( dc.ReadyWait && !dc.StartedBeginCountdown && !dc.Started && !dc.Finished )
			{
				if ( dc.m_Tournament == null )
					pm.SendGump( new ReadyUpGump( pm, dc ) );
			}
			else if ( dc.Initiator == pm && !dc.ReadyWait && !dc.StartedBeginCountdown && !dc.Started && !dc.Finished )
				pm.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( pm, dc ) );
		}
		private static void ViewLadder_OnTarget( Mobile from, object obj, object state )
		{
			if ( obj is PlayerMobile )
			{
				PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile)obj;
				Ladder ladder = (Ladder)state;
				LadderEntry entry = ladder.Find( pm );
				if ( entry == null )
					return; // sanity
				string text = String.Format( "{{0}} are ranked {0} at level {1}.", LadderGump.Rank( entry.Index + 1 ), Ladder.GetLevel( entry.Experience ) );
				pm.PrivateOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, pm.SpeechHue, true, String.Format( text, from==pm?"You":"They" ), from.NetState );
			}
			else if ( obj is Mobile )
			{
				Mobile mob = (Mobile)obj;
				if ( mob.Body.IsHuman )
					mob.PrivateOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, mob.SpeechHue, false, "I'm not a duelist, and quite frankly, I resent the implication.", from.NetState );
				else
					mob.PrivateOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x3B2, true, "It's probably better than you.", from.NetState );
			}
			else
			{
				from.SendMessage( "That's not a player." );
			}
		}
		private static void EventSink_Speech( SpeechEventArgs e )
		{
			if ( e.Handled )
				return;
			PlayerMobile pm = e.Mobile as PlayerMobile;
			if ( pm == null )
				return;
			if ( Insensitive.Contains( e.Speech, "i wish to duel" ) )
			{
				if ( !pm.CheckAlive() )
				{
				}
				else if ( pm.Region.IsPartOf( typeof( Regions.Jail ) ) )
				{
				}
				else if ( CheckCombat( pm ) )
				{
					e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You have recently been in combat with another player and must wait before starting a duel." );
				}
				else if ( pm.DuelContext != null )
				{
					if ( pm.DuelContext.Initiator == pm )
						e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You have already started a duel." );
					else
						e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You have already been challenged in a duel." );
				}
				else if ( TournamentController.IsActive )
				{
					e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You may not start a duel while a tournament is active." );
				}
				else
				{
					pm.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( pm, new DuelContext( pm, RulesetLayout.Root ) ) );
					e.Handled = true;
				}
			}
			else if ( Insensitive.Equals( e.Speech, "change arena preferences" ) )
			{
				if ( !pm.CheckAlive() )
				{
				}
				else
				{
					Preferences prefs = Preferences.Instance;
					if ( prefs != null )
					{
						e.Mobile.CloseGump( typeof( PreferencesGump ) );
						e.Mobile.SendGump( new PreferencesGump( e.Mobile, prefs ) );
					}
				}
			}
			else if ( Insensitive.Equals( e.Speech, "showladder" ) )
			{
				e.Blocked=true;
				if ( !pm.CheckAlive() )
				{
				}
				else
				{
					Ladder instance = Ladder.Instance;
					if ( instance == null )
					{
						//pm.SendMessage( "Ladder not yet initialized." );
					}
					else
					{
						LadderEntry entry = instance.Find( pm );
						if ( entry == null )
							return; // sanity
						string text = String.Format( "{{0}} {{1}} ranked {0} at level {1}.", LadderGump.Rank( entry.Index + 1 ), Ladder.GetLevel( entry.Experience ) );
						pm.LocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, pm.SpeechHue, true, String.Format( text, "You", "are" ) );
						pm.NonlocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, pm.SpeechHue, true, String.Format( text, pm.Name, "is" ) );
						//pm.PublicOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, pm.SpeechHue, true, String.Format( "Level {0} with {1} win{2} and {3} loss{4}.", Ladder.GetLevel( entry.Experience ), entry.Wins, entry.Wins==1?"":"s", entry.Losses, entry.Losses==1?"":"es" ) );
						//pm.PublicOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, pm.SpeechHue, true, String.Format( "Level {0} with {1} win{2} and {3} loss{4}.", Ladder.GetLevel( entry.Experience ), entry.Wins, entry.Wins==1?"":"s", entry.Losses, entry.Losses==1?"":"es" ) );
					}
				}
			}
			else if ( Insensitive.Equals( e.Speech, "viewladder" ) )
			{
				e.Blocked=true;
				if ( !pm.CheckAlive() )
				{
				}
				else
				{
					Ladder instance = Ladder.Instance;
					if ( instance == null )
					{
						//pm.SendMessage( "Ladder not yet initialized." );
					}
					else
					{
						pm.SendMessage( "Target a player to view their ranking and level." );
						pm.BeginTarget( 16, false, Targeting.TargetFlags.None, new TargetStateCallback( ViewLadder_OnTarget ), instance );
					}
				}
			}
			else if ( Insensitive.Contains( e.Speech, "i yield" ) )
			{
				if ( !pm.CheckAlive() )
				{
				}
				else if ( pm.DuelContext == null )
				{
				}
				else if ( pm.DuelContext.Finished )
				{
					e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "The duel is already finished." );
				}
				else if ( !pm.DuelContext.Started )
				{
					DuelContext dc = pm.DuelContext;
					Mobile init = dc.Initiator;
					if ( pm.DuelContext.StartedBeginCountdown )
					{
						e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "The duel has not yet started." );
					}
					else
					{
						DuelPlayer pl = pm.DuelContext.Find( pm );
						if ( pl == null )
							return;
						Participant p = pl.Participant;
						if ( !pm.DuelContext.ReadyWait ) // still setting stuff up
						{
							p.Broadcast( 0x22, null, "{0} has yielded.", "You have yielded." );
							if ( init == pm )
							{
								dc.Unregister();
							}
							else
							{
								p.Nullify( pl );
								pm.DuelPlayer=null;
								NetState ns = init.NetState;
								if ( ns != null )
								{
									foreach ( Gump g in ns.Gumps )
									{
										if ( g is ParticipantGump )
										{
											ParticipantGump pg = (ParticipantGump)g;
											if ( pg.Participant == p )
											{
												init.SendGump( new ParticipantGump( init, dc, p ) );
												break;
											}
										}
										else if ( g is DuelContextGump )
										{
											DuelContextGump dcg = (DuelContextGump)g;
											if ( dcg.Context == dc )
											{
												init.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( init, dc ) );
												break;
											}
										}
									}
								}
							}
						}
						else if ( !pm.DuelContext.StartedReadyCountdown ) // at ready stage
						{
							p.Broadcast( 0x22, null, "{0} has yielded.", "You have yielded." );
							dc.m_Yielding=true;
							dc.RejectReady( pm, null );
							dc.m_Yielding=false;
							if ( init == pm )
							{
								dc.Unregister();
							}
							else if ( dc.m_Registered )
							{
								p.Nullify( pl );
								pm.DuelPlayer=null;
								NetState ns = init.NetState;
								if ( ns != null )
								{
									bool send=true;
									foreach ( Gump g in ns.Gumps )
									{
										if ( g is ParticipantGump )
										{
											ParticipantGump pg = (ParticipantGump)g;
											if ( pg.Participant == p )
											{
												init.SendGump( new ParticipantGump( init, dc, p ) );
												send=false;
												break;
											}
										}
										else if ( g is DuelContextGump )
										{
											DuelContextGump dcg = (DuelContextGump)g;
											if ( dcg.Context == dc )
											{
												init.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( init, dc ) );
												send=false;
												break;
											}
										}
									}
									if ( send )
										init.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( init, dc ) );
								}
							}
						}
						else
						{
							if ( pm.DuelContext.m_Countdown != null )
								pm.DuelContext.m_Countdown.Stop();
							pm.DuelContext.m_Countdown= null;
							pm.DuelContext.m_StartedReadyCountdown=false;
							p.Broadcast( 0x22, null, "{0} has yielded.", "You have yielded." );
							dc.m_Yielding=true;
							dc.RejectReady( pm, null );
							dc.m_Yielding=false;
							if ( init == pm )
							{
								dc.Unregister();
							}
							else if ( dc.m_Registered )
							{
								p.Nullify( pl );
								pm.DuelPlayer=null;
								NetState ns = init.NetState;
								if ( ns != null )
								{
									bool send=true;
									foreach ( Gump g in ns.Gumps )
									{
										if ( g is ParticipantGump )
										{
											ParticipantGump pg = (ParticipantGump)g;
											if ( pg.Participant == p )
											{
												init.SendGump( new ParticipantGump( init, dc, p ) );
												send=false;
												break;
											}
										}
										else if ( g is DuelContextGump )
										{
											DuelContextGump dcg = (DuelContextGump)g;
											if ( dcg.Context == dc )
											{
												init.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( init, dc ) );
												send=false;
												break;
											}
										}
									}
									if ( send )
										init.SendGump( new DuelContextGump( init, dc ) );
								}
							}
						}
					}
				}
				else
				{
					DuelPlayer pl = pm.DuelContext.Find( pm );
					if ( pl != null )
					{
						if ( pm.DuelContext.IsOneVsOne )
						{
							e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You may not yield a 1 on 1 match." );
						}
						else if ( pl.Eliminated )
						{
							e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "You have already been eliminated." );
						}
						else
						{
							pm.LocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, "You have yielded." );
							pm.NonlocalOverheadMessage( MessageType.Regular, 0x22, false, String.Format( "{0} has yielded.", pm.Name ) );
							pm.DuelContext.m_Yielding=true;
							pm.Kill();
							pm.DuelContext.m_Yielding=false;
							if ( pm.Alive ) // invul, ...
							{
								pl.Eliminated = true;
								pm.DuelContext.RemoveAggressions( pm );
								pm.DuelContext.SendOutside( pm );
								pm.DuelContext.Refresh( pm, null );
								Debuff( pm );
								CancelSpell( pm );
								pm.Frozen = false;
								Participant winner = pm.DuelContext.CheckCompletion();
								if ( winner != null )
									pm.DuelContext.Finish( winner );
							}
						}
					}
					else
					{
						e.Mobile.SendMessage( 0x22, "BUG: Unable to find duel context." );
					}
				}
			}
		}
		public DuelContext( Mobile initiator, RulesetLayout layout ) : this( initiator, layout, true )
		{
		}
		public DuelContext( Mobile initiator, RulesetLayout layout, bool addNew )
		{
			m_Initiator = initiator;
			m_Participants = new ArrayList();
			m_Ruleset = new Ruleset( layout );
			m_Ruleset.ApplyDefault( layout.Defaults[0] );
			if ( addNew )
			{
				m_Participants.Add( new Participant( this, 1 ) );
				m_Participants.Add( new Participant( this, 1 ) );
				((Participant)m_Participants[0]).Add( initiator );
			}
		}
		public void CloseAllGumps()
		{
			Type[] types = new Type[]{ typeof( DuelContextGump ), typeof( ParticipantGump ), typeof( RulesetGump ) };
			int[] defs = new int[]{ -1, -1, -1 };
			for ( int i = 0; i < m_Participants.Count; ++i )
			{

Answers: ['\t\t\t\tParticipant p = (Participant)m_Participants[i];']
Length: 5243
Language: csharp

==================================================
Dataset: repobench-p
==================================================
Dataset loaded successfully

First example:
Input: package kademlia;
import java.io.DataInputStream;
import java.io.DataOutputStream;
import java.io.File;
import java.io.FileInputStream;
import java.io.FileNotFoundException;
import java.io.FileOutputStream;
import java.io.IOException;
import java.net.InetAddress;
import java.util.NoSuchElementException;
import java.util.Timer;
import java.util.TimerTask;
import kademlia.dht.GetParameter;
import kademlia.dht.DHT;
import kademlia.dht.KadContent;
import kademlia.dht.KademliaDHT;
import kademlia.dht.KademliaStorageEntry;
import kademlia.dht.JKademliaStorageEntry;
import kademlia.exceptions.ContentNotFoundException;
import kademlia.exceptions.RoutingException;
import kademlia.message.MessageFactory;
import kademlia.node.Node;
import kademlia.node.KademliaId;
import kademlia.operation.ConnectOperation;
import kademlia.operation.ContentLookupOperation;
import kademlia.operation.Operation;
import kademlia.operation.KadRefreshOperation;
import kademlia.operation.StoreOperation;
import kademlia.routing.JKademliaRoutingTable;
import kademlia.routing.KademliaRoutingTable;
import kademlia.util.serializer.JsonDHTSerializer;
import kademlia.util.serializer.JsonRoutingTableSerializer;
import kademlia.util.serializer.JsonSerializer;


/**
 * The main Kademlia Node on the network, this node manages everything for this local system.
 *
 * @author Joshua Kissoon
 * @since 20140215
 *
 * @todo When we receive a store message - if we have a newer version of the content, re-send this newer version to that node so as to update their version
 * @todo Handle IPv6 Addresses
 *
 */
public class JKademliaNode implements KademliaNode
{

    /* Kademlia Attributes */
    private final String ownerId;

    /* Objects to be used */
    private final transient Node localNode;
    private final transient KadServer server;
    private final transient KademliaDHT dht;
Context: src/kademlia/operation/KadRefreshOperation.java
public class KadRefreshOperation implements Operation
{

    private final KadServer server;
    private final KademliaNode localNode;
    private final KademliaDHT dht;
    private final KadConfiguration config;

    public KadRefreshOperation(KadServer server, KademliaNode localNode, KademliaDHT dht, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.server = server;
        this.localNode = localNode;
        this.dht = dht;
        this.config = config;
    }

    @Override
    public void execute() throws IOException
    {
        /* Run our BucketRefreshOperation to refresh buckets */
        new BucketRefreshOperation(this.server, this.localNode, this.config).execute();

        /* After buckets have been refreshed, we refresh content */
        new ContentRefreshOperation(this.server, this.localNode, this.dht, this.config).execute();
    }
}
src/kademlia/operation/StoreOperation.java
public class StoreOperation implements Operation
{

    private final KadServer server;
    private final KademliaNode localNode;
    private final JKademliaStorageEntry storageEntry;
    private final KademliaDHT localDht;
    private final KadConfiguration config;

    /**
     * @param server
     * @param localNode
     * @param storageEntry The content to be stored on the DHT
     * @param localDht     The local DHT
     * @param config
     */
    public StoreOperation(KadServer server, KademliaNode localNode, JKademliaStorageEntry storageEntry, KademliaDHT localDht, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.server = server;
        this.localNode = localNode;
        this.storageEntry = storageEntry;
        this.localDht = localDht;
        this.config = config;
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized void execute() throws IOException
    {
        /* Get the nodes on which we need to store the content */
        NodeLookupOperation ndlo = new NodeLookupOperation(this.server, this.localNode, this.storageEntry.getContentMetadata().getKey(), this.config);
        ndlo.execute();
        List<Node> nodes = ndlo.getClosestNodes();

        /* Create the message */
        Message msg = new StoreContentMessage(this.localNode.getNode(), this.storageEntry);

        /*Store the message on all of the K-Nodes*/
        for (Node n : nodes)
        {
            if (n.equals(this.localNode.getNode()))
            {
                /* Store the content locally */
                this.localDht.store(this.storageEntry);
            }
            else
            {
                /**
                 * @todo Create a receiver that receives a store acknowledgement message to count how many nodes a content have been stored at
                 */
                this.server.sendMessage(n, msg, null);
            }
        }
    }

    /**
     * @return The number of nodes that have stored this content
     *
     * @todo Implement this method
     */
    public int numNodesStoredAt()
    {
        return 1;
    }
}
src/kademlia/dht/JKademliaStorageEntry.java
public class JKademliaStorageEntry implements KademliaStorageEntry
{

    private String content;
    private final StorageEntryMetadata metadata;

    public JKademliaStorageEntry(final KadContent content)
    {
        this(content, new StorageEntryMetadata(content));
    }

    public JKademliaStorageEntry(final KadContent content, final StorageEntryMetadata metadata)
    {
        this.setContent(content.toSerializedForm());
        this.metadata = metadata;
    }

    @Override
    public final void setContent(final byte[] data)
    {
        this.content = new String(data);
    }

    @Override
    public final byte[] getContent()
    {
        return this.content.getBytes();
    }

    @Override
    public final KademliaStorageEntryMetadata getContentMetadata()
    {
        return this.metadata;
    }

    @Override
    public String toString()
    {
        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder("[StorageEntry: ");

        sb.append("[Content: ");
        sb.append(this.getContent());
        sb.append("]");

        sb.append(this.getContentMetadata());

        sb.append("]");

        return sb.toString();
    }
}
src/kademlia/dht/DHT.java
public class DHT implements KademliaDHT
{

    private transient StoredContentManager contentManager;
    private transient KadSerializer<JKademliaStorageEntry> serializer = null;
    private transient KadConfiguration config;

    private final String ownerId;

    public DHT(String ownerId, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.ownerId = ownerId;
        this.config = config;
        this.initialize();
    }

    @Override
    public final void initialize()
    {
        contentManager = new StoredContentManager();
    }

    @Override
    public void setConfiguration(KadConfiguration con)
    {
        this.config = con;
    }

    @Override
    public KadSerializer<JKademliaStorageEntry> getSerializer()
    {
        if (null == serializer)
        {
            serializer = new JsonSerializer<>();
        }

        return serializer;
    }

    @Override
    public boolean store(JKademliaStorageEntry content) throws IOException
    {
        /* Lets check if we have this content and it's the updated version */
        if (this.contentManager.contains(content.getContentMetadata()))
        {
            KademliaStorageEntryMetadata current = this.contentManager.get(content.getContentMetadata());

            /* update the last republished time */
            current.updateLastRepublished();

            if (current.getLastUpdatedTimestamp() >= content.getContentMetadata().getLastUpdatedTimestamp())
            {
                /* We have the current content, no need to update it! just leave this method now */
                return false;
            }
            else
            {
                /* We have this content, but not the latest version, lets delete it so the new version will be added below */
                try
                {
                    //System.out.println("Removing older content to update it");
                    this.remove(content.getContentMetadata());
                }
                catch (ContentNotFoundException ex)
                {
                    /* This won't ever happen at this point since we only get here if the content is found, lets ignore it  */
                }
            }
        }

        /**
         * If we got here means we don't have this content, or we need to update the content
         * If we need to update the content, the code above would've already deleted it, so we just need to re-add it
         */
        try
        {
            //System.out.println("Adding new content.");
            /* Keep track of this content in the entries manager */
            KademliaStorageEntryMetadata sEntry = this.contentManager.put(content.getContentMetadata());

            /* Now we store the content locally in a file */
            String contentStorageFolder = this.getContentStorageFolderName(content.getContentMetadata().getKey());

            try (FileOutputStream fout = new FileOutputStream(contentStorageFolder + File.separator + sEntry.hashCode() + ".kct");
                    DataOutputStream dout = new DataOutputStream(fout))
            {
                this.getSerializer().write(content, dout);
            }
            return true;
        }
        catch (ContentExistException e)
        {
            /**
             * Content already exist on the DHT
             * This won't happen because above takes care of removing the content if it's older and needs to be updated,
             * or returning if we already have the current content version.
             */
            return false;
        }
    }

    @Override
    public boolean store(KadContent content) throws IOException
    {
        return this.store(new JKademliaStorageEntry(content));
    }

    @Override
    public JKademliaStorageEntry retrieve(KademliaId key, int hashCode) throws FileNotFoundException, IOException, ClassNotFoundException
    {
        String folder = this.getContentStorageFolderName(key);
        DataInputStream din = new DataInputStream(new FileInputStream(folder + File.separator + hashCode + ".kct"));
        return this.getSerializer().read(din);
    }

    @Override
    public boolean contains(GetParameter param)
    {
        return this.contentManager.contains(param);
    }

    @Override
    public JKademliaStorageEntry get(KademliaStorageEntryMetadata entry) throws IOException, NoSuchElementException
    {
        try
        {
            return this.retrieve(entry.getKey(), entry.hashCode());
        }
        catch (FileNotFoundException e)
        {
            System.err.println("Error while loading file for content. Message: " + e.getMessage());
        }
        catch (ClassNotFoundException e)
        {
            System.err.println("The class for some content was not found. Message: " + e.getMessage());
        }

        /* If we got here, means we got no entries */
        throw new NoSuchElementException();
    }

    @Override
    public JKademliaStorageEntry get(GetParameter param) throws NoSuchElementException, IOException
    {
        /* Load a KadContent if any exist for the given criteria */
        try
        {
            KademliaStorageEntryMetadata e = this.contentManager.get(param);
            return this.retrieve(e.getKey(), e.hashCode());
        }
        catch (FileNotFoundException e)
        {
            System.err.println("Error while loading file for content. Message: " + e.getMessage());
        }
        catch (ClassNotFoundException e)
        {
            System.err.println("The class for some content was not found. Message: " + e.getMessage());
        }

        /* If we got here, means we got no entries */
        throw new NoSuchElementException();
    }

    @Override
    public void remove(KadContent content) throws ContentNotFoundException
    {
        this.remove(new StorageEntryMetadata(content));
    }

    @Override
    public void remove(KademliaStorageEntryMetadata entry) throws ContentNotFoundException
    {
        String folder = this.getContentStorageFolderName(entry.getKey());
        File file = new File(folder + File.separator + entry.hashCode() + ".kct");

        contentManager.remove(entry);

        if (file.exists())
        {
            file.delete();
        }
        else
        {
            throw new ContentNotFoundException();
        }
    }

    /**
     * Get the name of the folder for which a content should be stored
     *
     * @param key The key of the content
     *
     * @return String The name of the folder
     */
    private String getContentStorageFolderName(KademliaId key)
    {
        /**
         * Each content is stored in a folder named after the first 2 characters of the NodeId
         *
         * The name of the file containing the content is the hash of this content
         */
        String folderName = key.hexRepresentation().substring(0, 2);
        File contentStorageFolder = new File(this.config.getNodeDataFolder(ownerId) + File.separator + folderName);

        /* Create the content folder if it doesn't exist */
        if (!contentStorageFolder.isDirectory())
        {
            contentStorageFolder.mkdir();
        }

        return contentStorageFolder.toString();
    }

    @Override
    public List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata> getStorageEntries()
    {
        return contentManager.getAllEntries();
    }

    @Override
    public void putStorageEntries(List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata> ientries)
    {
        for (KademliaStorageEntryMetadata e : ientries)
        {
            try
            {
                this.contentManager.put(e);
            }
            catch (ContentExistException ex)
            {
                /* Entry already exist, no need to store it again */
            }
        }
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized String toString()
    {
        return this.contentManager.toString();
    }
}
src/kademlia/routing/KademliaRoutingTable.java
public interface KademliaRoutingTable
{

    /**
     * Initialize the RoutingTable to it's default state
     */
    public void initialize();

    /**
     * Sets the configuration file for this routing table
     *
     * @param config
     */
    public void setConfiguration(KadConfiguration config);

    /**
     * Adds a contact to the routing table based on how far it is from the LocalNode.
     *
     * @param c The contact to add
     */
    public void insert(Contact c);

    /**
     * Adds a node to the routing table based on how far it is from the LocalNode.
     *
     * @param n The node to add
     */
    public void insert(Node n);

    /**
     * Compute the bucket ID in which a given node should be placed; the bucketId is computed based on how far the node is away from the Local Node.
     *
     * @param nid The NodeId for which we want to find which bucket it belong to
     *
     * @return Integer The bucket ID in which the given node should be placed.
     */
    public int getBucketId(KademliaId nid);

    /**
     * Find the closest set of contacts to a given NodeId
     *
     * @param target           The NodeId to find contacts close to
     * @param numNodesRequired The number of contacts to find
     *
     * @return List A List of contacts closest to target
     */
    public List<Node> findClosest(KademliaId target, int numNodesRequired);

    /**
     * @return List A List of all Nodes in this RoutingTable
     */
    public List getAllNodes();

    /**
     * @return List A List of all Nodes in this RoutingTable
     */
    public List getAllContacts();

    /**
     * @return Bucket[] The buckets in this Kad Instance
     */
    public KademliaBucket[] getBuckets();

    /**
     * Method used by operations to notify the routing table of any contacts that have been unresponsive.
     *
     * @param contacts The set of unresponsive contacts
     */
    public void setUnresponsiveContacts(List<Node> contacts);

    /**
     * Method used by operations to notify the routing table of any contacts that have been unresponsive.
     *
     * @param n
     */
    public void setUnresponsiveContact(Node n);

}
src/kademlia/dht/KadContent.java
public interface KadContent
{

    /**
     * @return NodeId The DHT key for this content
     */
    public KademliaId getKey();

    /**
     * @return String The type of content
     */
    public String getType();

    /**
     * Each content will have an created date
     * This allows systems to know when to delete a content form his/her machine
     *
     * @return long The create date of this content
     */
    public long getCreatedTimestamp();

    /**
     * Each content will have an update timestamp
     * This allows the DHT to keep only the latest version of a content
     *
     * @return long The timestamp of when this content was last updated
     */
    public long getLastUpdatedTimestamp();

    /**
     * @return The ID of the owner of this content
     */
    public String getOwnerId();

    /**
     * Each content needs to be in byte format for transporting and storage,
     * this method takes care of that.
     *
     * Each object is responsible for transforming itself to byte format since the
     * structure of methods may differ.
     *
     * @return The content in byte format
     */
    public byte[] toSerializedForm();

    /**
     * Given the Content in byte format, read it
     *
     * @param data The object in byte format
     *
     * @return A new object from the given
     */
    public KadContent fromSerializedForm(byte[] data);
}
src/kademlia/util/serializer/JsonRoutingTableSerializer.java
public class JsonRoutingTableSerializer implements KadSerializer<KademliaRoutingTable>
{

    private final Gson gson;

    Type contactCollectionType = new TypeToken<List<Contact>>()
    {
    }.getType();

    private final KadConfiguration config;

    
    {
        gson = new Gson();
    }

    /**
     * Initialize the class
     *
     * @param config
     */
    public JsonRoutingTableSerializer(KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.config = config;
    }

    @Override
    public void write(KademliaRoutingTable data, DataOutputStream out) throws IOException
    {
        try (JsonWriter writer = new JsonWriter(new OutputStreamWriter(out)))
        {
            writer.beginArray();

            /* Write the basic JKademliaRoutingTable */
            gson.toJson(data, JKademliaRoutingTable.class, writer);

            /* Now Store the Contacts  */
            gson.toJson(data.getAllContacts(), contactCollectionType, writer);

            writer.endArray();
        }
    }

    @Override
    public KademliaRoutingTable read(DataInputStream in) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException
    {
        try (DataInputStream din = new DataInputStream(in);
                JsonReader reader = new JsonReader(new InputStreamReader(in)))
        {
            reader.beginArray();

            /* Read the basic JKademliaRoutingTable */
            KademliaRoutingTable tbl = gson.fromJson(reader, KademliaRoutingTable.class);
            tbl.setConfiguration(config);
            
            /* Now get the Contacts and add them back to the JKademliaRoutingTable */
            List<Contact> contacts = gson.fromJson(reader, contactCollectionType);
            tbl.initialize();

            for (Contact c : contacts)
            {
                tbl.insert(c);
            }

            reader.endArray();
            /* Read and return the Content*/
            return tbl;
        }
    }
}
src/kademlia/operation/ConnectOperation.java
public class ConnectOperation implements Operation, Receiver
{

    public static final int MAX_CONNECT_ATTEMPTS = 5;       // Try 5 times to connect to a node

    private final KadServer server;
    private final KademliaNode localNode;
    private final Node bootstrapNode;
    private final KadConfiguration config;

    private boolean error;
    private int attempts;

    /**
     * @param server    The message server used to send/receive messages
     * @param local     The local node
     * @param bootstrap Node to use to bootstrap the local node onto the network
     * @param config
     */
    public ConnectOperation(KadServer server, KademliaNode local, Node bootstrap, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.server = server;
        this.localNode = local;
        this.bootstrapNode = bootstrap;
        this.config = config;
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized void execute() throws IOException
    {
        try
        {
            /* Contact the bootstrap node */
            this.error = true;
            this.attempts = 0;
            Message m = new ConnectMessage(this.localNode.getNode());

            /* Send a connect message to the bootstrap node */
            server.sendMessage(this.bootstrapNode, m, this);

            /* If we haven't finished as yet, wait for a maximum of config.operationTimeout() time */
            int totalTimeWaited = 0;
            int timeInterval = 50;     // We re-check every 300 milliseconds
            while (totalTimeWaited < this.config.operationTimeout())
            {
                if (error)
                {
                    wait(timeInterval);
                    totalTimeWaited += timeInterval;
                }
                else
                {
                    break;
                }
            }
            if (error)
            {
                /* If we still haven't received any responses by then, do a routing timeout */
                throw new RoutingException("ConnectOperation: Bootstrap node did not respond: " + bootstrapNode);
            }

            /* Perform lookup for our own ID to get nodes close to us */
            Operation lookup = new NodeLookupOperation(this.server, this.localNode, this.localNode.getNode().getNodeId(), this.config);
            lookup.execute();

            /**
             * Refresh buckets to get a good routing table
             * After the above lookup operation, K nodes will be in our routing table,
             * Now we try to populate all of our buckets.
             */
            new BucketRefreshOperation(this.server, this.localNode, this.config).execute();
        }
        catch (InterruptedException e)
        {
            System.err.println("Connect operation was interrupted. ");
        }
    }

    /**
     * Receives an AcknowledgeMessage from the bootstrap node.
     *
     * @param comm
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized void receive(Message incoming, int comm)
    {
        /* The incoming message will be an acknowledgement message */
        AcknowledgeMessage msg = (AcknowledgeMessage) incoming;

        /* The bootstrap node has responded, insert it into our space */
        this.localNode.getRoutingTable().insert(this.bootstrapNode);

        /* We got a response, so the error is false */
        error = false;

        /* Wake up any waiting thread */
        notify();
    }

    /**
     * Resends a ConnectMessage to the boot strap node a maximum of MAX_ATTEMPTS
     * times.
     *
     * @param comm
     *
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized void timeout(int comm) throws IOException
    {
        if (++this.attempts < MAX_CONNECT_ATTEMPTS)
        {
            this.server.sendMessage(this.bootstrapNode, new ConnectMessage(this.localNode.getNode()), this);
        }
        else
        {
            /* We just exit, so notify all other threads that are possibly waiting */
            notify();
        }
    }
}
src/kademlia/dht/KademliaStorageEntry.java
public interface KademliaStorageEntry
{

    /**
     * Add the content to the storage entry
     *
     * @param data The content data in byte[] format
     */
    public void setContent(final byte[] data);

    /**
     * Get the content from this storage entry
     *
     * @return The content in byte format
     */
    public byte[] getContent();

    /**
     * Get the metadata for this storage entry
     *
     * @return the storage entry metadata
     */
    public KademliaStorageEntryMetadata getContentMetadata();
}
src/kademlia/message/MessageFactory.java
public class MessageFactory implements KademliaMessageFactory
{

    private final KademliaNode localNode;
    private final KademliaDHT dht;
    private final KadConfiguration config;

    public MessageFactory(KademliaNode local, KademliaDHT dht, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.localNode = local;
        this.dht = dht;
        this.config = config;
    }

    @Override
    public Message createMessage(byte code, DataInputStream in) throws IOException
    {
        switch (code)
        {
            case AcknowledgeMessage.CODE:
                return new AcknowledgeMessage(in);
            case ConnectMessage.CODE:
                return new ConnectMessage(in);
            case ContentMessage.CODE:
                return new ContentMessage(in);
            case ContentLookupMessage.CODE:
                return new ContentLookupMessage(in);
            case NodeLookupMessage.CODE:
                return new NodeLookupMessage(in);
            case NodeReplyMessage.CODE:
                return new NodeReplyMessage(in);
            case SimpleMessage.CODE:
                return new SimpleMessage(in);
            case StoreContentMessage.CODE:
                return new StoreContentMessage(in);
            default:
                //System.out.println(this.localNode + " - No Message handler found for message. Code: " + code);
                return new SimpleMessage(in);

        }
    }

    @Override
    public Receiver createReceiver(byte code, KadServer server)
    {
        switch (code)
        {
            case ConnectMessage.CODE:
                return new ConnectReceiver(server, this.localNode);
            case ContentLookupMessage.CODE:
                return new ContentLookupReceiver(server, this.localNode, this.dht, this.config);
            case NodeLookupMessage.CODE:
                return new NodeLookupReceiver(server, this.localNode, this.config);
            case StoreContentMessage.CODE:
                return new StoreContentReceiver(server, this.localNode, this.dht);
            default:
                //System.out.println("No receiver found for message. Code: " + code);
                return new SimpleReceiver();
        }
    }
}
src/kademlia/util/serializer/JsonSerializer.java
public class JsonSerializer<T> implements KadSerializer<T>
{

    private final Gson gson;

    
    {
        gson = new Gson();
    }

    @Override
    public void write(T data, DataOutputStream out) throws IOException
    {
        try (JsonWriter writer = new JsonWriter(new OutputStreamWriter(out)))
        {
            writer.beginArray();

            /* Store the content type */
            gson.toJson(data.getClass().getName(), String.class, writer);

            /* Now Store the content */
            gson.toJson(data, data.getClass(), writer);

            writer.endArray();
        }
    }

    @Override
    public T read(DataInputStream in) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException
    {
        try (DataInputStream din = new DataInputStream(in);
                JsonReader reader = new JsonReader(new InputStreamReader(in)))
        {
            reader.beginArray();

            /* Read the class name */
            String className = gson.fromJson(reader, String.class);

            /* Read and return the Content*/
            T ret = gson.fromJson(reader, Class.forName(className));
            
            reader.endArray();
            
            return ret;
        }
    }
}
src/kademlia/exceptions/RoutingException.java
public class RoutingException extends IOException
{

    public RoutingException()
    {
        super();
    }

    public RoutingException(String message)
    {
        super(message);
    }
}
src/kademlia/node/KademliaId.java
public class KademliaId implements Streamable, Serializable
{

    public final transient static int ID_LENGTH = 160;
    private byte[] keyBytes;

    /**
     * Construct the NodeId from some string
     *
     * @param data The user generated key string
     */
    public KademliaId(String data)
    {
        keyBytes = data.getBytes();
        if (keyBytes.length != ID_LENGTH / 8)
        {
            throw new IllegalArgumentException("Specified Data need to be " + (ID_LENGTH / 8) + " characters long.");
        }
    }

    /**
     * Generate a random key
     */
    public KademliaId()
    {
        keyBytes = new byte[ID_LENGTH / 8];
        new Random().nextBytes(keyBytes);
    }

    /**
     * Generate the NodeId from a given byte[]
     *
     * @param bytes
     */
    public KademliaId(byte[] bytes)
    {
        if (bytes.length != ID_LENGTH / 8)
        {
            throw new IllegalArgumentException("Specified Data need to be " + (ID_LENGTH / 8) + " characters long. Data Given: '" + new String(bytes) + "'");
        }
        this.keyBytes = bytes;
    }

    /**
     * Load the NodeId from a DataInput stream
     *
     * @param in The stream from which to load the NodeId
     *
     * @throws IOException
     */
    public KademliaId(DataInputStream in) throws IOException
    {
        this.fromStream(in);
    }

    public byte[] getBytes()
    {
        return this.keyBytes;
    }

    /**
     * @return The BigInteger representation of the key
     */
    public BigInteger getInt()
    {
        return new BigInteger(1, this.getBytes());
    }

    /**
     * Compares a NodeId to this NodeId
     *
     * @param o The NodeId to compare to this NodeId
     *
     * @return boolean Whether the 2 NodeIds are equal
     */
    @Override
    public boolean equals(Object o)
    {
        if (o instanceof KademliaId)
        {
            KademliaId nid = (KademliaId) o;
            return this.hashCode() == nid.hashCode();
        }
        return false;
    }

    @Override
    public int hashCode()
    {
        int hash = 7;
        hash = 83 * hash + Arrays.hashCode(this.keyBytes);
        return hash;
    }

    /**
     * Checks the distance between this and another NodeId
     *
     * @param nid
     *
     * @return The distance of this NodeId from the given NodeId
     */
    public KademliaId xor(KademliaId nid)
    {
        byte[] result = new byte[ID_LENGTH / 8];
        byte[] nidBytes = nid.getBytes();

        for (int i = 0; i < ID_LENGTH / 8; i++)
        {
            result[i] = (byte) (this.keyBytes[i] ^ nidBytes[i]);
        }

        KademliaId resNid = new KademliaId(result);

        return resNid;
    }

    /**
     * Generates a NodeId that is some distance away from this NodeId
     *
     * @param distance in number of bits
     *
     * @return NodeId The newly generated NodeId
     */
    public KademliaId generateNodeIdByDistance(int distance)
    {
        byte[] result = new byte[ID_LENGTH / 8];

        /* Since distance = ID_LENGTH - prefixLength, we need to fill that amount with 0's */
        int numByteZeroes = (ID_LENGTH - distance) / 8;
        int numBitZeroes = 8 - (distance % 8);

        /* Filling byte zeroes */
        for (int i = 0; i < numByteZeroes; i++)
        {
            result[i] = 0;
        }

        /* Filling bit zeroes */
        BitSet bits = new BitSet(8);
        bits.set(0, 8);

        for (int i = 0; i < numBitZeroes; i++)
        {
            /* Shift 1 zero into the start of the value */
            bits.clear(i);
        }
        bits.flip(0, 8);        // Flip the bits since they're in reverse order
        result[numByteZeroes] = (byte) bits.toByteArray()[0];

        /* Set the remaining bytes to Maximum value */
        for (int i = numByteZeroes + 1; i < result.length; i++)
        {
            result[i] = Byte.MAX_VALUE;
        }

        return this.xor(new KademliaId(result));
    }

    /**
     * Counts the number of leading 0's in this NodeId
     *
     * @return Integer The number of leading 0's
     */
    public int getFirstSetBitIndex()
    {
        int prefixLength = 0;

        for (byte b : this.keyBytes)
        {
            if (b == 0)
            {
                prefixLength += 8;
            }
            else
            {
                /* If the byte is not 0, we need to count how many MSBs are 0 */
                int count = 0;
                for (int i = 7; i >= 0; i--)
                {
                    boolean a = (b & (1 << i)) == 0;
                    if (a)
                    {
                        count++;
                    }
                    else
                    {
                        break;   // Reset the count if we encounter a non-zero number
                    }
                }

                /* Add the count of MSB 0s to the prefix length */
                prefixLength += count;

                /* Break here since we've now covered the MSB 0s */
                break;
            }
        }
        return prefixLength;
    }

    /**
     * Gets the distance from this NodeId to another NodeId
     *
     * @param to
     *
     * @return Integer The distance
     */
    public int getDistance(KademliaId to)
    {
        /**
         * Compute the xor of this and to
         * Get the index i of the first set bit of the xor returned NodeId
         * The distance between them is ID_LENGTH - i
         */
        return ID_LENGTH - this.xor(to).getFirstSetBitIndex();
    }

    @Override
    public void toStream(DataOutputStream out) throws IOException
    {
        /* Add the NodeId to the stream */
        out.write(this.getBytes());
    }

    @Override
    public final void fromStream(DataInputStream in) throws IOException
    {
        byte[] input = new byte[ID_LENGTH / 8];
        in.readFully(input);
        this.keyBytes = input;
    }

    public String hexRepresentation()
    {
        /* Returns the hex format of this NodeId */
        BigInteger bi = new BigInteger(1, this.keyBytes);
        return String.format("%0" + (this.keyBytes.length << 1) + "X", bi);
    }

    @Override
    public String toString()
    {
        return this.hexRepresentation();
    }

}
src/kademlia/dht/KademliaDHT.java
public interface KademliaDHT
{

    /**
     * Initialize this DHT to it's default state
     */
    public void initialize();

    /**
     * Set a new configuration. Mainly used when we restore the DHT state from a file
     *
     * @param con The new configuration file
     */
    public void setConfiguration(KadConfiguration con);

    /**
     * Creates a new Serializer or returns an existing serializer
     *
     * @return The new ContentSerializer
     */
    public KadSerializer<JKademliaStorageEntry> getSerializer();

    /**
     * Handle storing content locally
     *
     * @param content The DHT content to store
     *
     * @return boolean true if we stored the content, false if the content already exists and is up to date
     *
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     */
    public boolean store(JKademliaStorageEntry content) throws IOException;

    public boolean store(KadContent content) throws IOException;

    /**
     * Retrieves a Content from local storage
     *
     * @param key      The Key of the content to retrieve
     * @param hashCode The hash code of the content to retrieve
     *
     * @return A KadContent object
     *
     * @throws java.io.FileNotFoundException
     * @throws java.lang.ClassNotFoundException
     */
    public JKademliaStorageEntry retrieve(KademliaId key, int hashCode) throws FileNotFoundException, IOException, ClassNotFoundException;

    /**
     * Check if any content for the given criteria exists in this DHT
     *
     * @param param The content search criteria
     *
     * @return boolean Whether any content exist that satisfy the criteria
     */
    public boolean contains(GetParameter param);

    /**
     * Retrieve and create a KadContent object given the StorageEntry object
     *
     * @param entry The StorageEntry used to retrieve this content
     *
     * @return KadContent The content object
     *
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     */
    public JKademliaStorageEntry get(KademliaStorageEntryMetadata entry) throws IOException, NoSuchElementException;

    /**
     * Get the StorageEntry for the content if any exist.
     *
     * @param param The parameters used to filter the content needed
     *
     * @return KadContent A KadContent found on the DHT satisfying the given criteria
     *
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     */
    public JKademliaStorageEntry get(GetParameter param) throws NoSuchElementException, IOException;

    /**
     * Delete a content from local storage
     *
     * @param content The Content to Remove
     *
     *
     * @throws kademlia.exceptions.ContentNotFoundException
     */
    public void remove(KadContent content) throws ContentNotFoundException;

    public void remove(KademliaStorageEntryMetadata entry) throws ContentNotFoundException;

    /**
     * @return A List of all StorageEntries for this node
     */
    public List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata> getStorageEntries();

    /**
     * Used to add a list of storage entries for existing content to the DHT.
     * Mainly used when retrieving StorageEntries from a saved state file.
     *
     * @param ientries The entries to add
     */
    public void putStorageEntries(List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata> ientries);

}
src/kademlia/operation/Operation.java
public interface Operation
{

    /**
     * Starts an operation and returns when the operation is finished
     *
     * @throws kademlia.exceptions.RoutingException
     */
    public void execute() throws IOException, RoutingException;
}
src/kademlia/routing/JKademliaRoutingTable.java
public class JKademliaRoutingTable implements KademliaRoutingTable
{

    private final Node localNode;  // The current node
    private transient KademliaBucket[] buckets;

    private transient KadConfiguration config;

    public JKademliaRoutingTable(Node localNode, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.localNode = localNode;
        this.config = config;

        /* Initialize all of the buckets to a specific depth */
        this.initialize();

        /* Insert the local node */
        this.insert(localNode);
    }

    /**
     * Initialize the JKademliaRoutingTable to it's default state
     */
    @Override
    public final void initialize()
    {
        this.buckets = new KademliaBucket[KademliaId.ID_LENGTH];
        for (int i = 0; i < KademliaId.ID_LENGTH; i++)
        {
            buckets[i] = new JKademliaBucket(i, this.config);
        }
    }

    @Override
    public void setConfiguration(KadConfiguration config)
    {
        this.config = config;
    }

    /**
     * Adds a contact to the routing table based on how far it is from the LocalNode.
     *
     * @param c The contact to add
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized final void insert(Contact c)
    {
        this.buckets[this.getBucketId(c.getNode().getNodeId())].insert(c);
    }

    /**
     * Adds a node to the routing table based on how far it is from the LocalNode.
     *
     * @param n The node to add
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized final void insert(Node n)
    {
        this.buckets[this.getBucketId(n.getNodeId())].insert(n);
    }

    /**
     * Compute the bucket ID in which a given node should be placed; the bucketId is computed based on how far the node is away from the Local Node.
     *
     * @param nid The NodeId for which we want to find which bucket it belong to
     *
     * @return Integer The bucket ID in which the given node should be placed.
     */
    @Override
    public final int getBucketId(KademliaId nid)
    {
        int bId = this.localNode.getNodeId().getDistance(nid) - 1;

        /* If we are trying to insert a node into it's own routing table, then the bucket ID will be -1, so let's just keep it in bucket 0 */
        return bId < 0 ? 0 : bId;
    }

    /**
     * Find the closest set of contacts to a given NodeId
     *
     * @param target           The NodeId to find contacts close to
     * @param numNodesRequired The number of contacts to find
     *
     * @return List A List of contacts closest to target
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized final List<Node> findClosest(KademliaId target, int numNodesRequired)
    {
        TreeSet<Node> sortedSet = new TreeSet<>(new KeyComparator(target));
        sortedSet.addAll(this.getAllNodes());

        List<Node> closest = new ArrayList<>(numNodesRequired);

        /* Now we have the sorted set, lets get the top numRequired */
        int count = 0;
        for (Node n : sortedSet)
        {
            closest.add(n);
            if (++count == numNodesRequired)
            {
                break;
            }
        }
        return closest;
    }

    /**
     * @return List A List of all Nodes in this JKademliaRoutingTable
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized final List<Node> getAllNodes()
    {
        List<Node> nodes = new ArrayList<>();

        for (KademliaBucket b : this.buckets)
        {
            for (Contact c : b.getContacts())
            {
                nodes.add(c.getNode());
            }
        }

        return nodes;
    }

    /**
     * @return List A List of all Nodes in this JKademliaRoutingTable
     */
    @Override
    public final List<Contact> getAllContacts()
    {
        List<Contact> contacts = new ArrayList<>();

        for (KademliaBucket b : this.buckets)
        {
            contacts.addAll(b.getContacts());
        }

        return contacts;
    }

    /**
     * @return Bucket[] The buckets in this Kad Instance
     */
    @Override
    public final KademliaBucket[] getBuckets()
    {
        return this.buckets;
    }

    /**
     * Set the KadBuckets of this routing table, mainly used when retrieving saved state
     *
     * @param buckets
     */
    public final void setBuckets(KademliaBucket[] buckets)
    {
        this.buckets = buckets;
    }

    /**
     * Method used by operations to notify the routing table of any contacts that have been unresponsive.
     *
     * @param contacts The set of unresponsive contacts
     */
    @Override
    public void setUnresponsiveContacts(List<Node> contacts)
    {
        if (contacts.isEmpty())
        {
            return;
        }
        for (Node n : contacts)
        {
            this.setUnresponsiveContact(n);
        }
    }

    /**
     * Method used by operations to notify the routing table of any contacts that have been unresponsive.
     *
     * @param n
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized void setUnresponsiveContact(Node n)
    {
        int bucketId = this.getBucketId(n.getNodeId());

        /* Remove the contact from the bucket */
        this.buckets[bucketId].removeNode(n);
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized final String toString()
    {
        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder("\nPrinting Routing Table Started ***************** \n");
        int totalContacts = 0;
        for (KademliaBucket b : this.buckets)
        {
            if (b.numContacts() > 0)
            {
                totalContacts += b.numContacts();
                sb.append("# nodes in Bucket with depth ");
                sb.append(b.getDepth());
                sb.append(": ");
                sb.append(b.numContacts());
                sb.append("\n");
                sb.append(b.toString());
                sb.append("\n");
            }
        }

        sb.append("\nTotal Contacts: ");
        sb.append(totalContacts);
        sb.append("\n\n");

        sb.append("Printing Routing Table Ended ******************** ");

        return sb.toString();
    }

}
src/kademlia/util/serializer/JsonDHTSerializer.java
public class JsonDHTSerializer implements KadSerializer<KademliaDHT>
{

    private final Gson gson;
    private final Type storageEntriesCollectionType;

    
    {
        gson = new Gson();

        storageEntriesCollectionType = new TypeToken<List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata>>()
        {
        }.getType();
    }

    @Override
    public void write(KademliaDHT data, DataOutputStream out) throws IOException
    {
        try (JsonWriter writer = new JsonWriter(new OutputStreamWriter(out)))
        {
            writer.beginArray();

            /* Write the basic DHT */
            gson.toJson(data, DHT.class, writer);

            /* Now Store the Entries  */
            gson.toJson(data.getStorageEntries(), this.storageEntriesCollectionType, writer);

            writer.endArray();
        }

    }

    @Override
    public KademliaDHT read(DataInputStream in) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException
    {
        try (DataInputStream din = new DataInputStream(in);
                JsonReader reader = new JsonReader(new InputStreamReader(in)))
        {
            reader.beginArray();

            /* Read the basic DHT */
            DHT dht = gson.fromJson(reader, DHT.class);
            dht.initialize();

            /* Now get the entries and add them back to the DHT */
            List<KademliaStorageEntryMetadata> entries = gson.fromJson(reader, this.storageEntriesCollectionType);
            dht.putStorageEntries(entries);

            reader.endArray();
            return dht;
        }
    }
}
src/kademlia/exceptions/ContentNotFoundException.java
public class ContentNotFoundException extends Exception
{

    public ContentNotFoundException()
    {
        super();
    }

    public ContentNotFoundException(String message)
    {
        super(message);
    }
}
src/kademlia/dht/GetParameter.java
public class GetParameter
{

    private KademliaId key;
    private String ownerId = null;
    private String type = null;

    /**
     * Construct a GetParameter to search for data by NodeId and owner
     *
     * @param key
     * @param type
     */
    public GetParameter(KademliaId key, String type)
    {
        this.key = key;
        this.type = type;
    }

    /**
     * Construct a GetParameter to search for data by NodeId, owner, type
     *
     * @param key
     * @param type
     * @param owner
     */
    public GetParameter(KademliaId key, String type, String owner)
    {
        this(key, type);
        this.ownerId = owner;
    }

    /**
     * Construct our get parameter from a Content
     *
     * @param c
     */
    public GetParameter(KadContent c)
    {
        this.key = c.getKey();

        if (c.getType() != null)
        {
            this.type = c.getType();
        }

        if (c.getOwnerId() != null)
        {
            this.ownerId = c.getOwnerId();
        }
    }

    /**
     * Construct our get parameter from a StorageEntryMeta data
     *
     * @param md
     */
    public GetParameter(KademliaStorageEntryMetadata md)
    {
        this.key = md.getKey();

        if (md.getType() != null)
        {
            this.type = md.getType();
        }

        if (md.getOwnerId() != null)
        {
            this.ownerId = md.getOwnerId();
        }
    }

    public KademliaId getKey()
    {
        return this.key;
    }

    public void setOwnerId(String ownerId)
    {
        this.ownerId = ownerId;
    }

    public String getOwnerId()
    {
        return this.ownerId;
    }

    public void setType(String type)
    {
        this.type = type;
    }

    public String getType()
    {
        return this.type;
    }

    @Override
    public String toString()
    {
        return "GetParameter - [Key: " + key + "][Owner: " + this.ownerId + "][Type: " + this.type + "]";
    }
}
src/kademlia/operation/ContentLookupOperation.java
public class ContentLookupOperation implements Operation, Receiver
{

    /* Constants */
    private static final Byte UNASKED = (byte) 0x00;
    private static final Byte AWAITING = (byte) 0x01;
    private static final Byte ASKED = (byte) 0x02;
    private static final Byte FAILED = (byte) 0x03;

    private final KadServer server;
    private final JKademliaNode localNode;
    private JKademliaStorageEntry contentFound = null;
    private final KadConfiguration config;

    private final ContentLookupMessage lookupMessage;

    private boolean isContentFound;
    private final SortedMap<Node, Byte> nodes;

    /* Tracks messages in transit and awaiting reply */
    private final Map<Integer, Node> messagesTransiting;

    /* Used to sort nodes */
    private final Comparator comparator;

    /* Statistical information */
    private final RouteLengthChecker routeLengthChecker;

    
    {
        messagesTransiting = new HashMap<>();
        isContentFound = false;
        routeLengthChecker = new RouteLengthChecker();
    }

    /**
     * @param server
     * @param localNode
     * @param params    The parameters to search for the content which we need to find
     * @param config
     */
    public ContentLookupOperation(KadServer server, JKademliaNode localNode, GetParameter params, KadConfiguration config)
    {
        /* Construct our lookup message */
        this.lookupMessage = new ContentLookupMessage(localNode.getNode(), params);

        this.server = server;
        this.localNode = localNode;
        this.config = config;

        /**
         * We initialize a TreeMap to store nodes.
         * This map will be sorted by which nodes are closest to the lookupId
         */
        this.comparator = new KeyComparator(params.getKey());
        this.nodes = new TreeMap(this.comparator);
    }

    /**
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     * @throws kademlia.exceptions.RoutingException
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized void execute() throws IOException, RoutingException
    {
        try
        {
            /* Set the local node as already asked */
            nodes.put(this.localNode.getNode(), ASKED);

            /**
             * We add all nodes here instead of the K-Closest because there may be the case that the K-Closest are offline
             * - The operation takes care of looking at the K-Closest.
             */
            List<Node> allNodes = this.localNode.getRoutingTable().getAllNodes();
            this.addNodes(allNodes);
            
            /* Also add the initial set of nodes to the routeLengthChecker */
            this.routeLengthChecker.addInitialNodes(allNodes);

            /**
             * If we haven't found the requested amount of content as yet,
             * keey trying until config.operationTimeout() time has expired
             */
            int totalTimeWaited = 0;
            int timeInterval = 10;     // We re-check every n milliseconds
            while (totalTimeWaited < this.config.operationTimeout())
            {
                if (!this.askNodesorFinish() && !isContentFound)
                {
                    wait(timeInterval);
                    totalTimeWaited += timeInterval;
                }
                else
                {
                    break;
                }
            }
        }
        catch (InterruptedException e)
        {
            throw new RuntimeException(e);
        }
    }

    /**
     * Add nodes from this list to the set of nodes to lookup
     *
     * @param list The list from which to add nodes
     */
    public void addNodes(List<Node> list)
    {
        for (Node o : list)
        {
            /* If this node is not in the list, add the node */
            if (!nodes.containsKey(o))
            {
                nodes.put(o, UNASKED);
            }
        }
    }

    /**
     * Asks some of the K closest nodes seen but not yet queried.
     * Assures that no more than DefaultConfiguration.CONCURRENCY messages are in transit at a time
     *
     * This method should be called every time a reply is received or a timeout occurs.
     *
     * If all K closest nodes have been asked and there are no messages in transit,
     * the algorithm is finished.
     *
     * @return <code>true</code> if finished OR <code>false</code> otherwise
     */
    private boolean askNodesorFinish() throws IOException
    {
        /* If >= CONCURRENCY nodes are in transit, don't do anything */
        if (this.config.maxConcurrentMessagesTransiting() <= this.messagesTransiting.size())
        {
            return false;
        }

        /* Get unqueried nodes among the K closest seen that have not FAILED */
        List<Node> unasked = this.closestNodesNotFailed(UNASKED);

        if (unasked.isEmpty() && this.messagesTransiting.isEmpty())
        {
            /* We have no unasked nodes nor any messages in transit, we're finished! */
            return true;
        }

        /* Sort nodes according to criteria */
        Collections.sort(unasked, this.comparator);

        /**
         * Send messages to nodes in the list;
         * making sure than no more than CONCURRENCY messsages are in transit
         */
        for (int i = 0; (this.messagesTransiting.size() < this.config.maxConcurrentMessagesTransiting()) && (i < unasked.size()); i++)
        {
            Node n = (Node) unasked.get(i);

            int comm = server.sendMessage(n, lookupMessage, this);

            this.nodes.put(n, AWAITING);
            this.messagesTransiting.put(comm, n);
        }

        /* We're not finished as yet, return false */
        return false;
    }

    /**
     * Find The K closest nodes to the target lookupId given that have not FAILED.
     * From those K, get those that have the specified status
     *
     * @param status The status of the nodes to return
     *
     * @return A List of the closest nodes
     */
    private List<Node> closestNodesNotFailed(Byte status)
    {
        List<Node> closestNodes = new ArrayList<>(this.config.k());
        int remainingSpaces = this.config.k();

        for (Map.Entry e : this.nodes.entrySet())
        {
            if (!FAILED.equals(e.getValue()))
            {
                if (status.equals(e.getValue()))
                {
                    /* We got one with the required status, now add it */
                    closestNodes.add((Node) e.getKey());
                }

                if (--remainingSpaces == 0)
                {
                    break;
                }
            }
        }

        return closestNodes;
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized void receive(Message incoming, int comm) throws IOException, RoutingException
    {
        if (this.isContentFound)
        {
            return;
        }

        if (incoming instanceof ContentMessage)
        {
            /* The reply received is a content message with the required content, take it in */
            ContentMessage msg = (ContentMessage) incoming;

            /* Add the origin node to our routing table */
            this.localNode.getRoutingTable().insert(msg.getOrigin());

            /* Get the Content and check if it satisfies the required parameters */
            JKademliaStorageEntry content = msg.getContent();
            this.contentFound = content;
            this.isContentFound = true;
        }
        else
        {
            /* The reply received is a NodeReplyMessage with nodes closest to the content needed */
            NodeReplyMessage msg = (NodeReplyMessage) incoming;

            /* Add the origin node to our routing table */
            Node origin = msg.getOrigin();
            this.localNode.getRoutingTable().insert(origin);

            /* Set that we've completed ASKing the origin node */
            this.nodes.put(origin, ASKED);

            /* Remove this msg from messagesTransiting since it's completed now */
            this.messagesTransiting.remove(comm);
            
            /* Add the received nodes to the routeLengthChecker */
            this.routeLengthChecker.addNodes(msg.getNodes(), origin);

            /* Add the received nodes to our nodes list to query */
            this.addNodes(msg.getNodes());
            this.askNodesorFinish();
        }
    }

    /**
     * A node does not respond or a packet was lost, we set this node as failed
     *
     * @param comm
     *
     * @throws java.io.IOException
     */
    @Override
    public synchronized void timeout(int comm) throws IOException
    {
        /* Get the node associated with this communication */
        Node n = this.messagesTransiting.get(new Integer(comm));

        if (n == null)
        {
            throw new UnknownMessageException("Unknown comm: " + comm);
        }

        /* Mark this node as failed and inform the routing table that it's unresponsive */
        this.nodes.put(n, FAILED);
        this.localNode.getRoutingTable().setUnresponsiveContact(n);
        this.messagesTransiting.remove(comm);

        this.askNodesorFinish();
    }
    
    /**
     * @return Whether the content was found or not.
     */
    public boolean isContentFound()
    {
        return this.isContentFound;
    }

    /**
     * @return The list of all content found during the lookup operation
     *
     * @throws kademlia.exceptions.ContentNotFoundException
     */
    public JKademliaStorageEntry getContentFound() throws ContentNotFoundException
    {
        if (this.isContentFound)
        {
            return this.contentFound;
        }
        else
        {
            throw new ContentNotFoundException("No Value was found for the given key.");
        }
    }

    /**
     * @return How many hops it took in order to get to the content.
     */
    public int routeLength()
    {
        return this.routeLengthChecker.getRouteLength();
    }
}
src/kademlia/node/Node.java
public class Node implements Streamable, Serializable
{

    private KademliaId nodeId;
    private InetAddress inetAddress;
    private int port;
    private final String strRep;

    public Node(KademliaId nid, InetAddress ip, int port)
    {
        this.nodeId = nid;
        this.inetAddress = ip;
        this.port = port;
        this.strRep = this.nodeId.toString();
    }

    /**
     * Load the Node's data from a DataInput stream
     *
     * @param in
     *
     * @throws IOException
     */
    public Node(DataInputStream in) throws IOException
    {
        this.fromStream(in);
        this.strRep = this.nodeId.toString();
    }

    /**
     * Set the InetAddress of this node
     *
     * @param addr The new InetAddress of this node
     */
    public void setInetAddress(InetAddress addr)
    {
        this.inetAddress = addr;
    }

    /**
     * @return The NodeId object of this node
     */
    public KademliaId getNodeId()
    {
        return this.nodeId;
    }

    /**
     * Creates a SocketAddress for this node
     *
     * @return
     */
    public InetSocketAddress getSocketAddress()
    {
        return new InetSocketAddress(this.inetAddress, this.port);
    }

    @Override
    public void toStream(DataOutputStream out) throws IOException
    {
        /* Add the NodeId to the stream */
        this.nodeId.toStream(out);

        /* Add the Node's IP address to the stream */
        byte[] a = inetAddress.getAddress();
        if (a.length != 4)
        {
            throw new RuntimeException("Expected InetAddress of 4 bytes, got " + a.length);
        }
        out.write(a);

        /* Add the port to the stream */
        out.writeInt(port);
    }

    @Override
    public final void fromStream(DataInputStream in) throws IOException
    {
        /* Load the NodeId */
        this.nodeId = new KademliaId(in);

        /* Load the IP Address */
        byte[] ip = new byte[4];
        in.readFully(ip);
        this.inetAddress = InetAddress.getByAddress(ip);

        /* Read in the port */
        this.port = in.readInt();
    }

    @Override
    public boolean equals(Object o)
    {
        if (o instanceof Node)
        {
            Node n = (Node) o;
            if (n == this)
            {
                return true;
            }
            return this.getNodeId().equals(n.getNodeId());
        }
        return false;
    }

    @Override
    public int hashCode()
    {
        return this.getNodeId().hashCode();
    }

    @Override
    public String toString()
    {
        return this.getNodeId().toString();
    }
}

Answers: ['    private transient KademliaRoutingTable routingTable;']
Length: 6425
Language: java

==================================================
Script completed successfully!
==================================================
